Buzzer.
Test 1, 2.
Ladies and gentlemen, Giga Home Biologicals brought to you by a biologist.
You can find out what I did as a tenure-chasing academic by putting my last name C-O-U-E-Y and the two letters J-J into the library of medicine.
and you can find the stain of my work there.
I suggest, if anything, you start there in case you have any skepticism about who you're listening to and what I might have to say in the next couple hours.
Good morning, everyone.
Good to see you.
And welcome to the show.
You never get used to the pressure.
You just learn to embrace it.
Expectations aren't a burden.
They're a privilege.
Because it could be worse.
No one could expect anything at all.
you
Good morning.
Good morning, everyone.
It's almost afternoon, actually, which is kind of cheating for me.
But welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'm coming to you live from my garage at 1156 on the 16th of December.
2024 it's not to say that I'm that's that's kind of bums me out sometimes when I think about it how far we are but then again if I think about how far we've come and about how close we are maybe to taking advantage of a situation that they had to create in order to take advantage of it themselves and I'm going to try and explain that as often as I can over the next
as often as I can until my kids take over or until something permanent changes or our direction changes.
I think one of the ways out is to start thinking of a new way of teaching biology to our kids, a new way of
of teaching our kids to see the world and especially the life around them so that they can separate this mythology from the sacred biology and the irreducible complexity that they should be focused on if they are biologists.
And I think that's one of the things I want to dedicate a lot of time to in the coming year.
Healthy people don't get sick, ladies and gentlemen.
I think that's the best
overarching truth to start talking about with your family and friends and about how clean water and clean food, a clean environment with clean air, exercising regularly and being surrounded by the love of family and friends is something that all of us have been lacking a lot of, some of us more than others, but certainly
We have not been optimizing these things.
Instead, we've been tricked into begging the government to optimize other things for us or to protect us from other things like bad food and bad water and other stuff.
We've got to really pull our heads out, I think, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what this brief is all about.
It's really about pulling our heads out and trying to really get our, you know, take our responsibility for our lives again.
I think I saw something on the internet a few days ago that made a lot of sense to me.
The more responsibility you take for yourself and your future and your safety and your well-being and your success, the more likely it is that everything is going to be all right.
And the more you look outside of you for something to blame, or look outside of you for help, or look outside of you for some kind of assistance, the more likely it is that you're not going to make it.
So you've got to take control of the knobs that you can reach.
You've got to keep your arms straight.
And you've got to keep pushing forward, even if it's only a few inches every day.
I think that's what we're going to try and do here.
That's the plan going forward.
We are, of course, under a new spell now, and a lot of people are under a new spell, but I would just like to very succinctly explain why this might be a new spell.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't need to get confirmed.
None of these people need to get confirmed.
Right now, we're spending an inordinate amount of energy discussing the potential consequences for, oh boy, here we go.
What are you doing in here?
Who let you down here?
Come on, get over here.
If you're going to interrupt, then you better get over here.
All right, well, he'll probably find the bone under there, and then he'll be quiet for a minute.
I don't know what he's doing.
But we are under a different spell now.
This spell of Donald Trump and all the people that he might potentially appoint is still very, very much a spell that could disappear or change in any number of ways, including very simply that
in front of the Senate with the objection of a few key senators under a few key conditions, these people might not be confirmed.
And within a week, we could be facing an entirely new set of nominees drawn from a more typical, you know, a more typical, how do I say it?
Big pharma, big corporate, big whatever, deep state kind of list of people so that they get through the nomination, because we don't want to have the same thing happen again.
And we're never going to get this administration rolling.
So that's really the problem we have.
That's really the problem we have right now is coming to the realization that we could still be under the spell of a theater.
Maybe even Donald Trump or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are under the spell of a theater being cast by J.P.
or J.D.
Vance and Elon Musk and Bannon and Tulsi for all I know.
Maybe Tulsi's under a spell, but all I'm saying is that we are under their collective spell because what they're doing is perpetuating a mythology about how we are governed and who governs us.
And it is not that mythology.
I just don't know how many times we can address this or how often we're gonna have to address it, but we cannot pass this kind of,
There it is.
We cannot pass this kind of governance onto our children, where elaborate theaters are enacted on social media, where elaborate hoaxes are enacted on social media, and then the populace is governed by these things.
We cannot allow this to continue and we definitely cannot allow it to continue about fundamental ideas, fundamental concepts about who we are as sovereign individuals and who we are as a species.
So, yeah, that's what this is all about.
I think that's why we need to keep using this.
this um screen this meddler medley thing where we we really whoops where we really uh think very carefully about this big kind of hand behind us that's really our telephone and our acquiescence to social media on our telephones and on our computers uh
They never dreamed that it would be like this.
Cable TV was the first iteration of this.
And then the idea was to throw a bunch of channels at you that basically had nothing on them.
And so then it was much more likely that you wouldn't find the truth on that landscape.
But at the same time as that happened, it also became
it became no longer imperative from a legal perspective to tell the truth on television.
And that change occurred during my lifetime, during when I was kind of a young man, and that's a very significant change that we are now 20 years past.
And now we have telephones, and our kids have telephones, and our kids' telephones tell them very different things about the world than our telephones tell us about the world.
And that's one of the most terrifying things to come to realize.
You might think it's innocuous that your teenager only looks at garbage on their phone, but that's terrible, actually, because it's very short attention span garbage.
You probably shouldn't have that thing.
Short attention span garbage, it's not
intellectual shorts, if you will, it's not educational shorts.
And so that's the first layer of this that we don't want to pass on to our kids that it's easy to find the truth.
All you have to do is scroll.
We don't want our kids to grow up like that.
It's easy to find the truth.
All you have to do is Google.
We don't want our kids to grow up thinking it's that easy.
We want our kids to understand Wikipedia the way that Mark Kulak understands Wikipedia.
And so
I think that today I'm gonna spend a little time trying to dissect this list that I threw up the other day.
I think it's an important list that could be again sharpened by somebody who wanted to sharpen it.
But yeah, I think we have to really come to terms with where we are so that we understand it.
Is there somebody there?
Oh boy, now I might have to track him down.
We'll see a bit.
Because I think really right now, not only are we right about this, which is that there is only one chance in history to collect the data that's available right now.
And what I mean by that, I haven't said it in a while, but what I mean by that is, is that the population of the world, let's say just for round numbers, it's 10 billion people.
the 10 billion people on this planet, by all projections, biological ones, by the Club of Rome, by the pessimists, and by the optimists, is going to collapse.
It's going to collapse because the population pyramids of a lot of these countries are misshapen.
They're not in a pyramid, but they have this bump at the top.
And once these people disappear, you have a pyramid that's much smaller.
And that's going to happen in a lot of places.
Hold on one second.
Just let me check where this little munchkin is.
Mike, where are you?
Michael.
What are you doing?
Come in here with that thing.
Come.
Come in here.
Yeah.
You're going to get in trouble in the garage.
There you go.
I don't want you in there because I don't know what's on the floor.
But you can play in here.
Just don't pull on any wires.
So that also means, of course, that it's the one time that they have to collect this data.
It's the one time on the downslope, on the downslope of this population curve where we have the growth of the population over time, and then it's going to decrease.
I guess how would I do that on here?
I would guess I have to go this way, this way, what is it?
That way, yeah.
So it's going to decrease in the future.
That concept then also could have been seen coming forward.
So the same reason why the population pyramid is the obvious reason why they knew the pandemic was coming
the population pyramid is also a reason why they know this is the last time they could ever collect this many examples of the human genome and store them away.
It's the last time they can collect this many samples, this many genome sequences, this many representative samples.
I don't know what they're doing or how they're collecting it, but I know that the
The reality is, is that no matter whose numbers you look at, if you wanted to collect as many genomes as possible, like Craig Ventner, and Mark Lander, and Kevin McKernan, and Claire Craig, and all of these other people who believe in the idea that with enough genomes, and enough AI, and enough computing power, a lot of big problems can be solved, these people understand that this resource is limited.
Just like the people who who told us the false history of world war ii understand that this resource was limited If you were going to have a bunch of people and exterminate them, you wouldn't just exterminate them That would be like saying okay, uh, i've got a bunch of uh, I don't know what would be the right uh,
What would be the right way to do it?
I don't know.
I've got a bunch of fireworks and the way that I'm gonna get rid of them is I'm gonna grind them all up and then put them in the water.
I mean, that's kind of a waste.
When you had an opportunity to have a big show or to impress a bunch of people or do whatever, have a party, you decided to grind them all up and make mud and then bury it?
And the idea that they had all these people
and they just put them in work camps and then they gassed them and buried them or gassed them and then burned them.
It's just absurd, especially that what do you need IBM punch card system for that?
And so the same kind of resource that was lied about in the history of World War II
And the same kind of data collection that was lied about in World War II is the shift that they want to make for our children.
They want a seamless shift in our children's generation.
Get down, hey, get down.
They want a seamless shift in our generations, our kids' generation to a acceptance.
You can't go outside that door.
The acceptance that,
Yeah, that they're experimental animals, that their data is not theirs, that they owe it to society to turn it all in, that their de-identified data is already enough a lot of times.
And that's also what you need to realize from the perspective of the pandemic and remnants is that they've been collecting data.
They've been getting this in order.
Every collection, every test, hey, knock it off.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, come over here and talk to me like that.
Come over here and talk to me like that.
You can't bite my jackets and stuff and you're not going outside in the backyard.
Because you'll tear it all up.
You gotta call Kira and have Kira come down again.
Start barking at him.
And so that's why I think really it's our only chance to save our children from this enslavement.
This is only our one chance to point out what's going on, to teach our kids to see through it.
And if we teach them the biology correctly, then I don't think any reiteration of this theater will work on them.
I think there will always be children on earth that understand that this theater doesn't work if we are successful in passing this biology on to our kids.
The real understanding of who we are and who we aren't and what is sacred.
And so that's my goal.
Here we are in 2024.
I don't know if I need to explain this again, but I will.
This is my general way of showing the timeline that we've experienced where here is supposedly somewhere in 2019 where the lab leak occurred.
And then we had a pandemic that changed colors as it went around the earth.
And yeah, here we are in 2024 where Byron Bridle is talking with Jessica Rose and Sabine Hazan because Sabine Hazan loves to talk shit.
And Jessica Rose is Epigirl from the original exercise.
And Sean Buckley is a happy collaborator of theirs who was
somehow or another able to usurp the original NCI in Canada and now take it over and no longer wants to hear from people like me, but has a very, very interesting interest in hearing from all the same people that have toured around in the international COVID summits and are being toured around by those people now.
And of course, they need these three people to be on with Dr. Byron Bridle to make sure he stays right on rails
here with the self-replicating RNA vaccine narrative.
We wouldn't want him to say anything off-script because that's the whole reason why these people surrounded him in the first place.
He went off-script.
So just a reminder, just to put everything in frame, I don't know if you're aware, but NPR at one time complained about Dr. Lee Merritt
because she was able to renew her license with a mouse click apparently, and she also shares COVID misinformation.
That's very different than not telling people about Dr. Lee Merritt in 2021.
Nobody did a story about the pit
medical professor who lost his job in 2020.
Nobody did a story about me, but they did stories about her.
They did stories about Brett.
They did stories about Robert Malone.
They did stories about Pierre Kory.
And I think once you see it for what it is, excuse me.
Okay.
Once you see it for what it is, I mean, it's hard to build a timeline because it gets so messy.
If you just look at two months, one month, hello, buddy.
One month at the end of October in 2021, and one month in the end of, here.
Come up here, come up here.
For a second, say hi to everybody.
Hello, this is Big Mike.
See how big he's getting?
It's hard to even lift him up anymore.
He's gigantic.
We should look back at the last videos so you can see how big he is already.
He's a beast.
He's gonna be Big Mike very shortly, unfortunately.
So yeah, in 2021, if you look at this screen over here, in 2021 is actually the first time that Robert Malone was on the Jimmy Dore show.
And in 2021, in late 2021, he was also on stage with Urso and Cole and some lady by the name of Li Min Yan, which is very curious.
I didn't realize that, that wasn't in my timeline.
But as I start fishing around and trying to record and catalog all these videos, I'm just always stunned at how much is there.
And these are all taken from YouTube.
If you just search
Robert Malone on YouTube and go down the list of videos, order them from the earliest to the latest, he'll actually be quite surprised how many videos are there.
The Jimmy Dore show is taken from Rumble.
Everything else is directly from YouTube, including that video with him and Lee Min Yan, which is interesting, isn't it?
It's quite interesting.
That's from September, 2021.
I'm tempted to watch it, but I'm not gonna watch it today.
And then here on the other side, of course, you can also see, you can also see some other videos here from just the beginning of 2022.
Suddenly he's on Fox.
He's on this UK thing.
He got banned from Twitter.
He does a Tommy podcast.
Do you wanna go out?
And the,
VPZD show talks in episode 10 about Robert Malone on Rogan.
So it's not really the censorship that they complain about.
It doesn't really seem to be.
Okay, I'll take you upstairs.
I'll take you upstairs.
Come on.
He's ready.
No, but he's been good.
Don't carry him like that.
Just push that door shut with your butt if you don't mind.
So it's closed tight.
And so there's quite a crop of videos to download and I think you should endeavor to do so simply for your own exercise
to try and double check my work because this is extraordinary to me.
There's no level of evidence of what I've done anywhere.
And there could have never been done.
I would have lost my JC on a bike channel.
I already had two strikes a lot of times during the pandemic.
Um, as has, as, uh, somebody like Mark Kulak, he's operating with a couple of different channels on one or two strikes all the time.
And so it's extraordinary to me how many of these videos, I mean, look at the top one there, the top one, he is on Fox news debating Alex Berenson.
Alex Berenson is this super clown, of course, if you recall, who got banned from Twitter and was actually allowed to sue them.
And it was a whole public charade where he ended up getting a lot of money.
And then he went even further with truth-telling.
Here he is on the Engram Report or the Engram Minute or the Engram whatever it's called.
I mean, talking to Farage?
Really?
In the beginning of 2022?
And it's all because of his appearance on Rogan or supposedly that's what's happening.
But if you look back now and see it in retrospect, what you need to see is this is all scripted, scheduled.
This is how you do it.
And I think it's very important for you to see the earliest examples of these things that aren't so easy to find, that everybody is very quick to ignore.
But these are the examples where people are still not so fluid at performing their shtick.
They're still not fluid in what they're supposed to say and how to say it.
And also the little mini hamster wheels of words that get people right back to where they want them to be.
And they haven't figured all those words out yet.
All those word combinations that make people's eyes go crossed.
They haven't figured them all out yet.
So they're still trying to figure them out.
And at that time, of course, Li Min Yan would still be involved.
At that time, Ryan Cole could still be totally fooled.
and thinking that they really do want him along because he's a guy who knows about natural immunity and it's really awesome that he's along because he knows about natural immunity.
But sooner or later he's going to figure it out.
He has to have figured it out by now because I've talked to him too many times, I've gotten too many little notes from him.
He knows, he's listened, he's heard what I've had to say.
There's no doubt in my mind all of them have.
just like I think a lot of them have seen a lot of Mark Kulak's work and that's why his numbers are so low because it's as easy as tippity-tap-tap-tappity-tap and Mark or I or anybody else would have no idea whether 5,000 people saw our video or 500.
And it might be that 5,000 is the threshold we need to hit.
5,000 is the threshold that they're holding us at because they know if they don't hold us there, we would have already gone all around the world by now.
And I think that's the reality that we live in.
It's nothing as spontaneous on the internet.
And that's not to say anything about me being a victim.
It's to say that the entire thing is fake.
There are no spontaneous risers.
Everybody rises past a line of permission, yes or no.
Should we let this one go?
That sounds pretty good.
Should we call them first?
That's it, without a doubt.
These are private domains.
These are private places that are used to govern us.
Therefore, by definition, you don't even get to see people coming out of the curtain until you're at the first level.
Then you get to go behind the curtain and find out there are lots more curtains.
And the internet is the very first curtain when you realize, you get behind that one and you realize, wow, you mean really all of it's fake?
Oh yes, all of it, not some of it, all of it is selected carefully and populated carefully, mostly with people that they control.
That's the trick.
It's the trick that somebody as old as, what is that guy's name?
The dude that wrote the,
the 33rd degree Mason that wrote that book.
Albert Pike even said it, we'll give them the heroes they need.
That's literally what's happening here.
Actually is what I wanted to say there.
I apologize for that.
And so we could go on and on.
We could add dates from 2022 and go on and on and show how everyone from the World Health Organization or the World Council for Health
Stop lying.
To Teresa Carrizio, she's got a bunch of videos that are on YouTube still about Robert Malone.
They're not censored.
They're not gone.
They're still there.
I mean, the lady from New Zealand did a special on him.
The dude with the fro did a special on him.
They all covered him.
He was on Hannity.
He was on ABC News in California.
This is not a man who is censored.
This is a man who has been put in front of you just like in a real life Scooby-Doo mystery.
But we're not all in a van.
We're all on our phones.
That's the trick.
We're not riding around in a van, but it sure seems like it because we're all looking at our phones and we all see the same thing when we look out the window.
So spontaneously, 2021 on Jimmy Dore.
Some of the questions that I want you to ask yourself or hold in your mind while I play the beginning of this video is, does this sound like Jimmy Dore is happy to have this guy on his show?
Does it sound like this is Jimmy Dore spontaneously interviewing somebody?
Does it sound like somebody who's trying to come to save the world with the truth?
And what words do they use in 2021?
Listen carefully, because it's very, very important for this point to be made, I think.
We are pleased to have with us renowned inventor of the mRNA vaccine technology.
As a researcher at the Salk Institute, he pioneered in vitro RNA transfection technology.
He subsequently pioneered many new innovations in the fields of RNA vaccination and immunization.
We welcome his expertise.
He is Dr. Robert Malone.
Thank you for being on the show.
Thanks for the opportunity, Jimmy, and I look forward to
to sharing ideas with you.
Jimmy does not look comfortable.
Jimmy just read word for word what he was told to say, and this is a transfection technology expert, in case you didn't hear it.
In case you didn't hear it, I'll play it again.
A technology, a transfection technology expert with your audience.
So
We are pleased to have with us renowned inventor of the mRNA vaccine technology.
As a researcher at the Salk Institute, he pioneered in vitro RNA transfection technology.
He subsequently pioneered many new innovations in the fields of RNA vaccination and immunization.
We welcome his expertise.
He is Dr. Robert Malone.
Thank you for being on the show.
Thanks for the opportunity, Jimmy, and I look forward to
to sharing ideas with you and with your audience.
So you seem to be the leading guy on mRNA vaccines.
Could you explain to our audience what an mRNA vaccine is and how they protect against infectious diseases?
Wow.
I mean, wow.
Can you explain to our audience what an mRNA vaccine is and how they protect us from infectious diseases?
It's a transfection technology.
So that's a question that can carry us forward for the next two hours, or I can try to oversimplify everything.
And so please forgive me, because that's what I'm going to do.
OK.
Or we'll be able to talk about anything else.
So I don't mean to in any way talk down to anyone, and if there's any molecular virologists in the audience, I apologize in advance.
The core idea here and insight is that methods developed for gene therapy purposes, for correcting genetic errors, defects,
can also be applied to generating immune response.
So there he said it.
The goal here is, the whole reason why he's out there, that I made the argument a few days ago and other people have made the argument before me, is to protect intellectual property, to create intellectual property space where there is none, because these are all transfection technologies.
And so unless
They can make the illusion, create the illusion that there is sufficient novelty in the technologies that are being unleashed, the technologies that are being rolled out just in time.
And he's saying that the technology to correct genetic defects,
And I think what he's implying there is somehow correcting the genome of people, which I don't think any of us are talking about doing here.
It's not what they tried to do with Jesse Gelsinger.
And so again, I find this to be an incredibly disingenuous representation of what's going on.
It is a maximizing of the illusion that this is part of a suite of incoming, yet-to-be-developed genetic technologies, when in reality, it is the latest iteration of what is essentially lipofectomy, with a commercially impure, by definition, RNA,
put into it by some proprietary manufacturing method.
And it is the manufacturing method, actually.
And that's why, again, Peter Cullis and the stuff that they did, as he said in the video the other day, he could never imagine being so efficient.
That's why it's also important for him to have said that in 2020 and 2021.
Because the whole point is, is that these technologies and in the way that they are manifesting now, is sufficiently different from the stuff that he did, that it deserves new patents.
And so there's a fine line, of course, between arguing that, well, what they're doing is what I'm doing, and not interfering with their new declaration of intellectual property.
The giving of the Nobel Prize is also part of that.
to define the chemically altered mRNA as a new technology, a cutting edge new technology.
And therefore, in an intellectual property case, in a patent, you would write that, you would declare that.
And so I think that one of the things that you can see going on here and makes a lot of sense also from the perspective of someone clown like Steve Kirsch being involved, that this is really about intellectual property.
It's about perceived value.
It's about potential going forward.
And they know already that there is a full-blown push to convert to this technology and to substitute what they already knew a long time ago was dumb because intramuscular injection of stuff is dumb.
But now they want to replace it with something that they're more interested in understanding, more interested in trying to optimize, and that would be, of course, transfection.
but if they don't roll it out as this novel new thing with all these fancy new bells and whistles that makes it much more safe, if they don't declare it more safe with somebody like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., most of us won't listen.
But imagine the disaster that we could have in America if the end result of the Trump administration after a year is that Bobby Kennedy has spent $10 billion studying and realizing that the mRNA vaccines are contaminated.
And if they weren't contaminated with SV40, they would be pretty safe.
And so let's keep vaccinating the old people for shingles and for RSV and for pneumonia until they're all gone.
And we have managed the population pyramid problem and at the same time gotten rid of all the people that might understand what we're doing.
And that would make sense why this guy is playing along in the way that he plays along.
He's allowed to lie and say whatever he wants in every video he's in.
He's not part of the military.
He's not under government contract.
He's not endangering anything.
That's why he can say whatever the hell he wants for the highest bidder and probably organized a whole team of clowns to say whatever was needed for the highest bidder.
And those clowns are associated with Teal and Musk and Rogan and Alex Jones and the Weinstein brothers.
They're all one team.
And if for no other reason than Mark Kulak and Jonathan Cooley exist, Brett Weinstein can't have a lot of these people on his show or won't have a lot of these people on his show.
And that's what makes it so hilarious that he had Jessica Rose on his show and spent the first half hour or 45 minutes talking about the existence of a molecule.
Let's keep listening, because this gets, it's just hilarious.
Remember, this is under duress in my mind.
Jimmy has been faking his laughs.
I mean, it's... So, mRNA vaccines employ a molecule called RNA, which is, in most cases, derived from DNA.
In the case of the virus itself, SARS-CoV-2, that's an RNA virus.
And so here we go again, what is he doing here?
This is the, obviously everybody knows that, you know, cakes are made of flour and bakers make cakes and everybody knows that we put gas in our cars and everybody knows that this, that's exactly what he's doing here.
That's how it carries its genetic information.
It can be done either way with DNA or with RNA in different viruses.
So that's a pretty bold statement.
And I keep and I will keep saying it over and over again.
It is a very bold statement to say that genetic information can be carried either way by double-stranded DNA or single-stranded DNA or single-stranded RNA or positive single-stranded or negative single-stranded.
And they mean no.
No way in hell can we let these people get away with these gross exaggerations of understanding and the fidelity of them.
The idea that all of these different ways of transmitting genetic information are possible and they all are part of this evolution because DNA.
There's no way.
The whole excitement of DNA is its ability to proofread when it's being copied.
RNA in a single-stranded form doesn't have that.
And there's lots of evidence, lots of evidence for it.
And it cannot be overlooked that their declaration of what happened here does not compute that somewhere in 2019 from a mud puddle, a very well-designed, fortuitously or on purpose, a very well-designed RNA started spreading.
And here we are now with its descendants in almost all corners of the globe, including the white-tailed deer of North America.
This is just a biological impossibility.
And we have to come to terms with this idea that the only way that any of this molecular biology information could be real is if there is a background signal upon which this narrative has been built.
It's much more likely that than it is that all these tests are just lame, just fake, just overcycled, because those
Narratives are not sufficient to explain the global acceptance of the illusion.
But what would be, what would be is a pre-existing signal that first tested in 2002.
A pure signal on that background was released and they tried to follow that pure signal and they followed it through roughly 700 people back to Canada.
Was that a theater?
Was that a real tracking event?
I'm not sure.
But either way, I assure you that it established the same biological potential, which is that a signal detected somewhere in a remote place or in an urban area of China could be transmitted to the world.
The only question is whether or not we really test deployed something there, and we really did track something, and there was something to track, and then we lost it.
or whether there's a background signal and that background signal is being studied and characterized by people like, I don't know, by Meadow Biota and Peter Daszak.
And once that background signal is characterized, we can roll out tests for it.
And surprise, surprise, the Toyotas are spreading everywhere.
Be careful because this guy is just basically out there saying for sure there's a novel virus.
It's just really a question of when it came and how dangerous it is and how much we're really screwing up.
But there's for sure a virus.
And we can detect it using PCR because Kevin McKernan tells us we can do it, because Claire Craig tells us we can do it.
And those guys were collecting genomes and doing PCR before the pandemic, so we should trust them.
but for this virus, it uses RNA.
People are confused about the M part of the RNA.
That's nothing to be afraid of.
There are different types of RNA.
See, that's also, I really want you to see every individual part, because even saying that people are confused about the M in mRNA is already saying to you,
a very good point to discuss, a very good question, a contentious point, a lot of people think is an illusion of consensus.
Who's a lot of people?
This guy's spending his whole time on a horse farm.
Is he getting emails?
Maybe he should have said, I get a lot of emails asking me the question on what the M in mRNA means.
This is just another trick to make you think you understand what he's talking about, to get you on the rails, to mystify you, to bamboozle you into thinking that he is the wizard of disambiguation.
but he is absolutely not.
That's the same reason why this guy is writing a book published by CHD with the dog Cerberus on the front, claiming to be explaining how psychological operations are run on you, except for one thing he's omitting, is that he's part of it.
And that's the magic of it.
I would never lie to you, is what they all say.
I would never lie to you, but that's what they all say.
in cells.
Some RNAs are used as scaffolding, as structure, for the little tiny biorobots inside of all of our cells called ribosomes.
Oops, another admission.
So here he is saying that the ribosome is a mini biorobot.
And Mark Kulak is one of the few people I've ever heard put forward the idea that it's all about the ribosome.
I've never heard a tenure track professor tell me that, you know, the biggest question in biology is how ribosomes work because that's where the rubber meets the road as far as genetic code and building materials.
Only Mark Kulak has said that, pointed out different people over the course of history that have said it on camera or on recording.
pointed out the awarding of Nobel prizes and pointing out the lectures that these people give and what they say in those lectures.
That's Mark Kulak.
It's not Jessica Rose or the Midwestern doctor.
And Mark Kulak's not getting invited onto CHD to talk about that stuff either.
Even though in my mind, it's pretty important.
Even though in Robert Malone's mind, it seems to be pretty important.
that manufacture proteins.
So that's one kind of RNA, ribosomal RNA.
mRNA, the M stands for message, is the type of RNA that's used to carry information from the center part of your cell, the nucleus, where the DNA lives, out to those little protein manufacturing
Bio robots that are out in the cytoplasm the outer part of your cell that actually make the proteins So don't be intimidated The mRNA is just designating that it's one particular type of RNA It's a message that goes to these little protein manufacturing facilities called ribosomes and causes them to make a
the protein from the virus called spike in this case and it's a slightly modified version of spike it was designed to make that protein that's produced a little easier for your b cells to recognize to make antibodies now there's a lot of
information, data suggesting that actually that wasn't the... Is this a useful public announcement on a comedy show?
What's going on here?
Of course what you see here is an attempt to sharpen what was pretty dull.
a few months before this on the Brett Weinstein podcast, was pretty dull a few months before this on the Joe Rogan podcast, and is still pretty dull now in 2021 because they still haven't figured out quite how to catch all of their opportunities.
Jill and Malone
and Robert are trying to catch all of their opportunities.
They want to be, at the same time, the inventor of this world-saving technology and part of that wonderful story and the wonderful biology that's there.
But they also want to be a part of the movement that is warning people that it's not ready for the big show yet.
That's what this is, in my humble opinion.
And that's why it was so ham-fisted then.
And when, in retrospect, when we look back on it, it is so ham-fisted because these are meddlers.
I don't know what piles of money are paying them to do it.
I don't know what potential people they're looking at paying them to do this.
Maybe they were just doing this under the pretense that somebody would eventually pick them up, that maybe somebody would pay them, but I doubt it.
I doubt it very much.
I'm very suspicious of his continued appearances on Tommy's podcast.
It just doesn't make any sense.
I'm very, very curious of him being early on Alison Morrow.
I'm very curious about him being with Paul Cottrell and associates several times.
It's not, it doesn't make any sense unless you start to put all these people together.
And because as we move through the narrative from 2021, we move through the history of what happened that's still available on the internet, you can see that all of these meddlers that have come through my life, some of them even come to my house, have all crossed paths with Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein and Nick Hudson and Jiki, because it's all one big show.
And Jimmy Dore looks like he's caught up in it because this is not Jimmy's normal show.
It's not Jimmy's interview.
This is here, Jimmy, you read this, and then we'll just let Robert talk.
And then if you have any questions, you can ask him, I guess.
But here's some more questions in case you need anything.
Necessary, that modification, but it was believed to have been necessary back when they engineered the vaccine.
The spike protein that's produced
is largely the same as the spike protein produced from the virus.
And we do know that the spike produced from the virus has certain types of toxicities.
The people that did... So we do know that, you see.
So we've already talked about this several times, but the narrative that was seeded in 2020 was that the spike in particular is what we needed to focus on.
Kevin McCairn and Dr. Fleming and lots of other people were telling us that the spike protein could generate amyloid, that the spike protein could cause clotting, that the spike protein was also a prion.
or a pre-onogenic or something like this because they modeled it or because they grew it in culture or I don't know what.
And this stuff also tied in very well with mitochondrial damage, which a lot of people said the spike was damaging mitochondria.
It couldn't be the lipid nanoparticle and transfection damaging mitochondria.
It is the spike protein doing it.
And that was even somebody like Walter Chestnut, who was saying that mitochondria is being damaged.
It's an aging thing.
It's something like radiation poisoning.
And it couldn't be the lipid nanoparticle.
It couldn't be transfection and the aberrant reaction of the body to it.
But it was, of course, the spike protein.
And I am
Without a doubt, sure, at this stage, I mean, how could we be wrong about this, that these people did this on purpose?
It was a coordinated effort.
Jessica Rose was in on it.
Spike protein sub-stacks, spike protein sub-stacks, promoting other people's spike protein sub-stacks.
And when I was on the spike protein chase, everybody was fine with me.
And you can see that this narrative was seeded by him.
not that dissimilar from how the narrative of there being a CIA agent by the name of Michael Callahan in Wuhan was actually seeded by Robert Malone and Whitney Webb, not by Callahan.
Whitney Webb, the one that we met at the CHD conference in Knoxville, and after her presentation, Robert Malone came out and said, wow, what a firecracker, that Whitney Webb.
So kudos to Mark Kulak for tying some of those loose ends up and making it really obvious what to see here.
We're not aware of those toxicities and problems at the time they did it.
So yes, they- And so now he's saying, and I can just stop at every sentence.
Now he's saying that we wouldn't want to blame Pfizer or Moderna because they didn't know at the time that the spike protein was so toxic.
So we can't really blame them for having chosen it as an antigen because this was a typical antigen chosen before.
And so all they did was try to rush out something.
And how could they know it would be an amyloidogenic, pre-antigenic, time-traveling spike protein with spinning razors on it?
I mean, remember, we watched a video, the TED Talk of that lady from Moderna saying that in 45 minutes they had their vaccine and everybody clapped.
Did make some modifications to the spike protein when they engineered it for putting it into these genetic vaccines, but they weren't designed specifically to make it more.
And he says genetic vaccines, not on accident.
He's reading a script just to the right of him.
It's not on accident.
He's repeating these words on purpose.
because he is trying to create and maintain and curate the idea of how novel these things are.
How little we understand because they're so novel.
But thank goodness Peter Cullis has done something so incredible with the efficiencies of these carriers.
For safe.
They were designed to make it more immunogenic, a better immunogen.
Now the, um, uh,
important thing to understand about all this, I think for all of us, is there are no perfect vaccines, just like there are no perfect drugs.
just like if I, with my table saw or a drill or anything else.
So understand that I would have done a spit take had I not seen this already, but I've seen it already.
So I already knew he was gonna say that, but can you believe it?
There are no good vaccines.
I wonder why.
Is it because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances and calling that medicine is kind of dumb?
I think you have to see the reality here.
The subtle reality is that we are being governed by these people and the illusions of a limited spectrum of debate that they create.
When in reality, we just need tested vaccines.
We just need proven vaccines.
We need safer vaccines.
And so the narrative is coming over the next five years or 10 years or however long it takes for our kids to believe that for their children, vaccines are safe and that transfection is that safe methodology.
That is coming.
That is the goal.
make no mistake about it that is the goal the childhood vaccine schedule in america will not end it will be replaced by safe vaccines that donald trump and robert f kennedy jr may very well put their seal approval on by the end of those four years i mean that is you gotta be frightened by that are you not frightened by that because i am
Especially being where I am right now, where I think actually you can say it very succinctly, intramuscular injection is dumb.
Calling intramuscular injection of a combination of substances medicine is crazy.
I think there is a real possibility that generations in the future will look back and think, wow, they used to make needles.
in convenient sterilized packaging so that they could inject things intramuscularly and call it medicine.
They did that for three generations.
Can you believe it?
Just in the same way they're gonna look back and think, wow, I can't believe that we let our children be enslaved by social media.
and it's all part of the same show.
These people are all playing for them because they have been shown behind the first curtain.
They know that the internet is an illusion.
That's why they're free to go on it and lie.
Because they know it's an illusion, so they don't feel bad about it.
They realize that it's a theater.
You think it's on your phone and that it's a spontaneous thing that, you know, it's free speech on your phone here, free speech.
And they have been taken behind the curtain and shown that there's no free speech on X. This is how we make it work.
And then they turn around and they say, hey, hey, Roy, give Robert Malone 10,000 followers and make a couple of his tweets go viral.
Do it quick, would you?
And then he does, you know, some little thing over here and he reaches over and
Robert Malone gets a message on his phone and it says, wow, you've gone viral.
It's that easy.
And once these people are shown that, once these people are shown that Substack is a money laundering scheme, or Locals is a money laundering scheme, and we can essentially pay you with fake accounts, or we can essentially pay you with dummy accounts that are all subscribers that we just create, because there's no auditing this.
We own Stripe too.
We own PayPal.
We do it all.
The money laundering possibilities are endless.
And if you get shown behind the curtain, offered comfort and a little fame, and the confidence to know that you're part of a team of people that have all been behind the scenes, that know exactly or kind of what you know is going on, then you will happily participate in it.
And you will happily, happily promote those people who are participating in it with you.
And that's why they don't promote people like Mark and people like myself and people like Joe Marshall when they find us.
That's why it happens this way.
And once we start to see it and can adequately show it to our kids, this whole illusion can be dispelled and people will start to require
a record of integrity that they're going to have to build before anybody will take them seriously.
And these people that don't have that will be exposed.
They will be exposed as part of this twisted symphony of people that are pretending to be part of a spontaneous exercise, when in reality it is a well-rehearsed motorcycle stunt inside of a well-rehearsed sequence of events.
a well-gamed out, scripted, you know, and if they agree on it, then they can alter it however they want to.
It's just that right now they're on very thin ice because we have pushed them so far off their planned narrative, so far off of their illusion of consensus and having to scramble for new ground and scramble for new people off of the bench.
Because Robert Malone is the weak link.
Sasha Latapova is another weak link.
Brett Weinstein is a huge weak link.
His brother is a huge weak link.
Even Joe Rogan becomes a huge weak link.
And of course, Peter Thiel is a huge weak link.
Once you start to see where he's gone and what he's said and how he says it, it's starting to become very obvious that the illusion might be broken.
Wouldn't it be crazy if Donald Trump came forward and said, you know, I've got to apologize to the American people because I got fooled into thinking that it was a good idea to fake an assassination attempt in order to make sure that I got elected.
That's not going to happen, of course.
But if it did happen, it would be pretty big calamity, right?
It would be a pretty big collapse of American society.
It would bring about a lot of big disasters there, just like, you know, what would happen if Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
decided that we needed to get rid of assault rifles and have background checks and do other things that other people don't want.
How much of a mind loss, mind meld would that be?
just like again, as I've said before, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
pronouncing the new generation of mRNA vaccine safe and effective.
RFK Jr.
has, as Pamela, I'm sure would like me to say over and over again, might do all kinds of great things for getting rid of seed oils and over-processed food or better labeling or something like that, but he's not gonna touch GMOs.
He's not gonna talk about GMO insects.
He's not talking about GMO plants.
He's not talking about those products with GMO in them.
And I don't hear Cali means talking about that stuff either.
I don't hear a lot of these people talking about that stuff.
And if you say the old vaccine schedule is bad, and you say that the new vaccines were contaminated, you are right on dead on balls narrative for where these people want you to be.
And you can see it if you inspect all the uncensored stuff that they said in these years preceding where we are now.
If I use it wrong, inappropriately, without caution, I can cut off my finger or do damage.
Likewise, drugs and vaccines have to be used intelligently and cautiously.
Now, the important thing to understand about all this, I think for all of us, is there are no perfect vaccines, just like there are no perfect drugs.
Just like if I, with my table saw or a drill or anything else, if I use it wrong, inappropriately, without caution, I can cut off my finger or do damage.
And so what is it?
Vaccines?
No.
Make no mistake about it.
Gigaohm Biological's message is that intramuscular injection is what we need to say.
Vaccines is an amorphous idea that does not provoke a specific and high fidelity concept in anybody's mind.
And that's why they use it.
They use it that way on purpose.
They want pandemic to mean all kinds of very elaborate and crazy, scary, colorful things, mostly red.
But I mean, vaccines, they want to mean almost anything.
It could be any combination of substances injected to help your immune system learn something could be a vaccine.
And new vaccines are descended from this technology where we tried to fix genetic defects, which doesn't even make any sense.
Again, that's not what they tried to do with Jesse Gelsinger.
They tried to replace a missing enzyme.
That's different.
But this imprecise language is actually very precise because it's now and over the last five years has created this illusion that something novel, something new and improved, although rushed, has been unleashed on the world.
And that's a lie.
Likewise, drugs and vaccines have to be used intelligently and cautiously.
And we have to understand the risks so that we can avoid them when it makes sense.
And so there's much discussion and consternation about the fact that we don't fully understand the risks of these experimental products.
And I think that there's merit to that.
But like with everything in life, there's risks when we get into an airplane.
There's risks when we get into our cars.
And we, all of us, have learned to deal with those risks.
What we think about, what we do, is we say, oh, when I get into my car and I need to go to the shopping center, is it a good idea to travel 65 in a 35-mile-an-hour zone?
No, probably not.
There's a good chance you're going to get car wreck.
So we all the time make decisions about what we do and how we do it based on an understanding of risks.
The same is true with medicines and the same is true for physicians.
What's important for us to understand is because we're going to take risks, we need to understand those risks and we need to have
the information necessary for us to make an informed decision about whether or not we wish to take those risks.
And that's kind of the core of my position here is let's use the vaccines intelligently and let's make sure that we really understand the risks and that you and your audience understand the risks because it's your body and you have the right to accept or reject
a medical treatment.
I believe that is a fundamental right.
That is spectacularly lame.
I mean, that is, this is the core of my message.
Did anybody, was there a college kid in the United States that was saved by that message?
Was there a grandmother in the United States that was saved by that message?
Was Jimmy Dore saved by that message?
It's weird, right?
We're supposed to believe something very different happened in 2021 than what actually happened.
And the really weird part is, is that the truth is still available on YouTube.
You can still go back and find videos of Robert Malone and Paul Cottrell on YouTube talking about people, laughing about people being killed because they were given dexamethasone and sent back to L folks homes where they died.
Because dexamethasone is like a hammer for the immune system.
You can see him on podcasts with a January 6th fugitive.
You can see him on podcasts with people who are associated with George Webb, the guy who was featured on 60 Minutes in February, 2020, talking about the lab leak.
And on that 60 Minutes program, they didn't also say Mark Kulak's name.
They didn't show Mark Kulak's face.
They showed George Webb.
They didn't show my face.
And Robert Malone hasn't shared a video from me, except for with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Senator Ron Johnson, according to them.
They say that Robert Malone shared a video of me interviewing Rixey in January of 2022, which is really curious.
because Robert Malone doesn't know who I am, and even when I shook his hand at the Knoxville CHD conference, he pulled it away in disgust and said he didn't know who I was.
Even though this is the actual thing that happened to me, my wife was there when I got the phone calls.
It happened on the same day.
Robert Malone told them to watch my show, but Robert Malone doesn't know who I am.
Robert Malone was on Jimmy Dore's show.
introduced as a transfection technology expert i don't think they had gotten their wording down yet you see that's how far off script they are that's how far off script they are
So as long as well, as long as you left it there, let me let me just go ahead and I'm going to jump ahead and just ask you, what are what are the bioethics of the current campaign to get the vaccine in everyone's arm?
So, again, he's reading a question that he was clearly given.
What are the bioethics?
Robert Malone, you are a bioethicist.
I was a bioethicist.
My bioethics advisor told me
These are all things that he rolled out in the course of the three years after this.
All kinds of stories about his high level of authority and also his high level of exhibition of bioethics.
My goodness.
You know, who else is a great bioethicist is the, is the wife of Tony Fauci.
She's a, she's a, like one of the biggest bioethics experts in the universe.
Personally, I find this public position confusing.
It's not consistent with my training and my understanding of the proper practice of medicine and the proper practice of regulatory oversight.
These vaccines are known, the government acknowledges that there are risks associated with these vaccines.
This was not the case six to nine months ago.
So now they've taken the position, they acknowledge there are risks, and the risks that they formally acknowledge in the licensure package for the BioNTech product are incomplete.
There are known
in the literature, numerous other risks.
And the FDA in that licensure package acknowledges that there are other risks that remain uncharacterized.
Risks such as birth defects, the extent of which the cardiac risks manifest,
etc.
In addition, there are many other risks, such as reactivation of latent viruses.
We know this as shingles, also Epstein-Barr virus, cytomegalovirus, and other viruses that can be triggered by vaccination.
may also be triggered by the infection.
So there is a portfolio... May also be triggered by the infection.
Again, very subtly, neurolinguistically programming you to assume that there is a new virus.
The novel virus is definitely real.
We all know... ...of risks, only some of which are understood to any significant degree.
many of which are known to exist, but they're not well characterized yet, even after all these many months of dosing of these experimental products.
In my opinion, based on both decades of practice
And I don't think there's anything dangerous.
In fact, it's a further admission if you think about it, if he keeps calling them experimental products instead of transfections, which is what he is a expert on.
Right.
Then he is, by definition, what he is doing is programming everybody to listening to this to differentiate these from old technologies.
To say that these are experimental technologies is very similar and almost a synonym to saying these are new technologies, especially in Jimmy's ears and the ears of Jimmy's listeners.
This is not imprecision.
This is perfectly, precisely crafted language.
to make sure that nobody ever, ever understands these technologies as being already well understood as inappropriate for healthy children, already understood to be inappropriate for pregnant women.
which he's still in his, well, that's the general message of my, he still hasn't said anything like that.
I don't know why my microphone is clipping out all the time.
I have not changed the settings, but I've noticed recently, it might be that my coaching actually, I'm gonna tell a little anecdote here.
So a little anecdote, how do I do that?
This way, this way.
My daughter takes lessons on piano and the piano teacher's husband is an opera singer.
And I coached their kid with my kid last year in basketball when I was assistant.
So I kind of know the parents, but I don't know the father as well as I talked to the mom a few more times.
And one random time at one of the gyms around here, I ran into the father because his son was there and we were there.
And he was recently back from a trip where he was singing in some other country.
And so I saw that he was there and I thought it was neat that he was at the basketball court sitting on the sideline.
So I went over and talked to him for a minute.
And I had recently had this thing happen in my throat where this blood thing burst and some big thing came out and then my voice came back.
And so a couple months later, I saw him there and I said to him, you know,
Give me some advice.
You have a voice.
This is how you make your living.
And his voice is very loud.
It's powerful all the time when he talks.
And so what do you do to take care of your voice?
Do you have to be careful and not yell at your kids or not get too excited at a basketball game?
And he sang in an opera voice back to me.
You have to use your voice to keep your voice or something like that.
It was very loud.
It blew my hair back.
And so maybe what's happening here is that I'm using my voice at basketball two or three nights a week and also at the games on the weekend.
And now it's becoming stronger finally.
And so that's starting to make a clip.
That could be the thing.
I don't know.
Anyway, sorry if you feel like that was a complete waste of time.
I just wanted to share that.
with you.
So let's keep listening here.
I'm not going to listen to the whole thing, but he's saying so many interesting things.
I want to let it go for a little bit.
International consensus as embodied in the Nuremberg trials and the Helsinki Accord and the Belmont Report here in the United States and captured in the Code of Federal Regulations, that's to say federal case law.
as what's commonly known as the common rule.
And so here I really think that we're getting into very complicated nonsense.
The idea is to create a very elaborate hamster wheel
and make sure that there's no way for anybody to think their way out.
He's never going to say strict scrutiny.
We should hold the government to strict scrutiny if they're going to declare an emergency like this and avoid suspending these fundamental rights on a whim.
He's never going to say anything like that.
Instead, you can see he's maneuvering us already into thinking that it's a free speech thing, that it's a censorship thing, that it's a
Control of information thing that we need to have all the information.
They need to tell us the truth so that we can make a decision Why do we need to make a decision about something?
We already knew would be bad for for for young healthy people We knew it would be bad for healthy people already before the pandemic no one would have ever suggested to transfect somebody before 2020 as a possible way to make them healthier and
The only time it was ever suggested that transfection be used is in extreme cases of untreatable cancer or genetic diseases that are debilitating, where somebody feels as though or medically has no choice.
That's when it was used before 2020.
And now we have the little disambiguation wizard gnome telling us that it's a very complicated thing.
experimental technologies and complicated bioethics and principles established with the Belmont Report, yada, yada, yada.
Where is it?
The Belmont Report and then the Belfort Declaration is the other one that I keep getting mixed up with, but I think that has something to do with countries and stuff.
There are well-established practices which must be followed for experimental products.
And
in general, need to be followed for all medical procedures, such as when you go and have a surgery.
You look like you're about in the same age bracket.
And so now keep in mind where he is.
How far are we into this?
He's going to be there for an hour and he's never going to succinctly say anything.
He's never going to give the lay person like Jimmy Dore a leg up on this biology by telling him very succinctly what's going on.
which was what I told him when I gave him a copy of the book with annotations.
That these people were coordinatedly lying to us and that he needed to call me so that we could talk in private about my experience and maybe he would believe it.
But here's some notes.
This is a Jimmy Dore under duress here.
This is a guy who didn't want to have this guy on his show but had this guy on his show and has had him on his show a number of times.
as part of the success he's been given, the comfort he's been provided.
Don't ask any questions, don't look behind that curtain.
We'll let you in to this side of the green curtain, but now that you know that all these other curtains are back here, you can't look behind any of them.
That's the status that we're at with these people.
They have been let behind the first curtain.
They know that the internet and the algorithms are an illusion.
And they have been allowed to rise within that system.
They understand that they are not rising because they're super funny or funnier than anyone else.
And it's just a spontaneous, no, it's real.
It's a real live set of keyboards that decides what's going on.
A real live set of people.
Flips the switches.
And this was probably when he was introduced to the system, or allowed to be in it, or inducted.
That's what I would suggest.
And so of course, like I said, you can go into the future and you can just find countless examples of where he's been and what he said and try to isolate particular time points where he's saying the same thing over and over again that will be different from what he said here.
Because again, the script is being modified as the populace requires.
This is herding cats, you see.
That's why all these people are into cats.
because that's what this whole exercise is about, herding cats.
And the more exceptional you become at bringing all kinds of people with different ideas and different questions together, the better you are at herding cats.
And Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn and Robert Malone and Paul Cottrell, and if they could have, I would also be herding cats for them.
Standing at a podium saying that it was a lab leak is where I should be if I would have taken the the opportunity that was given to me But I didn't because I don't think this is about me or any of us it's about our kids and our kids kids I
And so this is a battle that we can't acquiesce to.
We cannot give up on, we can't go passively into this good night or whatever way right to say it, we can't do it.
We gotta keep up the resistance, we gotta keep up the pressure and we gotta keep documenting all this stuff, downloading all these things, filling hard drives with them and then duplicating those hard drives and sending them around so that people can see that there is a chronology here that doesn't compute unless you compute it as a theater.
Carefully and meticulously orchestrated across five eyes countries across Western civilization English-speaking countries Including South Africa and India and that kind of stuff.
All this was orchestrated Maybe everywhere where there's a significant big pharma footprint This was orchestrated from Israel to South Africa to India to America to Europe.
I Don't know
That's for somebody else to figure out once we accept that this is a crime of the highest order.
An attempt to govern the world by social media mythology.
A demonstration, perhaps, of the potential to govern the world by social media mythology.
And I think it is very, very likely that the staged shooting of Donald Trump was nothing more than another example of that, where a lot of the same players, including Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and Goodman and Cullen and who knows how many others, probably George Webb and a lot of other of these podcasts talked about it for a week or two, about how many different shooters there were speculated about it.
And what did that do?
That accepted the monsters.
When you try to solve the mystery that they give you, then you accept the monsters.
And that's what the lab leak versus natural virus does.
That's what the stolen election versus, I don't know, Russian interference does.
That's what the January 6th thing does to us, is that you accept their narrative and then you accept their monsters.
But it's all a theater.
Even the objection to these things is the theater.
That's the snapping out of the illusion that has to occur for our children.
And once you see that in 2022, this actually aired, this was real news.
Nobody ever did a story about Mark Kulak or Jonathan Cui on the ABC News 10.
This is Dr. Robert Malone in the late 1980s when he conducted what Nature magazine calls a landmark experiment in San Diego on the path to the COVID-19 vaccines.
And this is Dr. Malone today.
Regarding the genetic COVID vaccines, the science is settled.
They're not working.
Messages like that have... So this is Dr. Lynn Finn, I believe.
This is Dr. Ryan Cole.
This is Erso behind him.
Remember, these three guys were on stage with Lee Min Yan about four months before this.
This is videotape.
That's Jill Glasspool Malone, his wife and often co-author.
This is that guy, Caridy, I believe his name is.
And then that's...
Actually Paul Alexander wearing exactly the same coat Exactly the same coat that he wore when he came to visit me last week in person with his wife and daughter And yeah, I'm gonna show that picture just to make sure you know what I'm saying Yet another person that you can add to the list of people That has come to visit
Jonathan Cooey, yes, Paul Alexander was here, and yes, he's wearing exactly the same shirt, exactly the same shirt that he's wearing in this picture, or sorry, the same coat that he's wearing in this picture right here.
So I don't think Paul Alexander is actually making that much money.
I think Paul Alexander might be in the same position that I am, that he keeps being a little bit
Frightened by the fact that so many people are actually not on the team that he thought they were on.
I think he's also a little worried about what's going on with the Trump administration coming from the Trump administration previously.
I don't know.
I have a feeling that we're all worried about it.
What's going on?
What is really happening here?
Is this real?
All I know is that Paul Alexander on his very imperfect substack has been one of the few people to promote me as having something to say.
Mike Yeadon has kind of done it once or twice in a substack comment, but other than that, not at all.
Nick Hudson has done it a couple times at the end of a podcast, but then really not at all.
And the same with Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying.
They've done it, but not really.
Not to the extent to which it could have been done.
Not promoting me, but promoting these ideas to get us to this finish line that we should have gotten to already five years ago.
Before the pandemic, when the movie Vax 2 came out, we should have already had the momentum to get there, but for some reason we didn't.
Not sure who dropped those balls.
But we are many, many years past that and we are still dropping balls and fumbling things.
And I think it's because we keep thinking that Lucy is going to hold the ball and be loyal and we're going to be able to take a good kick.
But it's not happening.
And it's not happening because it's by design.
These people were put in place.
They are part of it.
They've made the UCSD grad a star in the anti-vaccine community and gotten him banned from Twitter in the process.
Nearly 300 doctors signed a letter saying Malone spreads predatory medical misinformation like this from the Joe Rogan podcast.
Think twice about giving these jabs to your kids.
Among other things, your girls are born with all the eggs they will ever have.
and these lipids are going to the ovaries, and they appear to be affecting menstruation in some way.
The CDC flatly rejects that.
So where does Dr. Malone really fit in to vaccine history?
Yeah, I mean, his papers were landmark papers, and we shouldn't take that away from him.
Ailey Dolgen is a science journalist
We should really somebody should do the work.
I guess i'll have to do it to put it in order Is was he on the jimmy door show as a warm-up to the rogan podcast because now this is in 2022 Getting on tv about the rogan podcast.
So that's curious to me Maybe the jimmy door show was a first run or one of the first runs like the the brett weinstein show was two rights for nature but his
uh, sowing doubt in, into the efficacy and the safety of the vaccines are also.
It is quite frankly, remarkable to me.
I've still been, you know, trying to figure out who everybody is.
And quite frankly, I operate on, you know, how I operate that everybody is not to be trusted.
And Paul has said he was going to come and visit me a few times.
He was thinking about coming during the Brownstone, but then didn't come coming for the open giga meeting, but didn't come, but
The fact of the matter is, is that he showed up at my house with that jacket on.
This is from 2022.
The dude's still wearing the same winter jacket.
He just seemed like a guy trying to fight for the truth.
He just seemed like a guy who didn't know what I know now, and I didn't know what I knew then either.
I mean, I didn't know any of this before 2023.
I didn't make any useful progress away from gain of function and that as a mythology until 2020, the end of 2022, really, if I give myself the most leeway.
And so it's not unusual that also Paul was there and a lot of other people were there and all the academic biologists in the United States that still have a job are still there.
Just now figuring out it might be a lab leak and the gain of function is dangerous.
that maybe they're doing gain of function of flu viruses now, according to the substack of Peter McCullough just today.
This is an ongoing operation where the narrative is being curated by the same people who were recruited very early before this went off the rails.
I think there are some real weak links in the chain right now.
that don't want to be part of it anymore.
They probably didn't want to be part of it already in 2021 or 2022.
And they finally figured out that something isn't right here.
And now we're in 20, then we got into 2023.
And again, it was like, ah, something's not right here.
Now we're at the end of 2024, ladies and gentlemen.
And a lot of people I think are starting to wake up to the illusion.
And the illusion being as simple as agreeing that these people should stand in front, that these people have something to say that I shouldn't get in the way of.
And then these people ran the clock long and far for their own benefit.
because they're working for them.
Landmark threats to our public health.
That's why he's faced, that's why he's featured.
Dr. Phil Feldner for a series of important early experiments, first at the Salk Institute.
But not naming all the people like Wolf and the other guys that he made this stuff with.
So it's really obvious if you know the history and you know how this is done, that this would not happen to somebody who is genuinely being censored.
This would not happen if this was not information that they actually wanted you to have.
So that you would engage in the mystery solving.
And once you engage in the mystery solving, then you really accept all the monsters and they are real.
Once you really leave cookies for Santa Claus and the cookies are gone, you believe.
That's how this works.
then at a San Diego company called VyCal.
Dr. Feldner invented the first lipid nanoparticle.
Malone mixed it with mRNA and injected them into the first living organism.
The two are listed on papers together.
Do you have any idea why he's, like, so soured on the technology?
He's got a mask on.
I don't, uh... I don't, uh, have, uh, much of an explanation for that.
It's mysterious to me, too.
And what slide did he put on there?
Lipid mRNA, lipid nanoparticle.
Yeah, it's just, it's insane.
As for Malone, he did not respond to an email from us seeking comment, but he has said publicly that he feels he's not getting the credit for his work that he deserves.
He wants to be seen as the inventor of this technology.
And when he, when he wasn't by the scientific establishment,
I don't know, I guess he, maybe he just turned against it.
He considers Dr. Feldner a possible contender for the Nobel Prize and says Dr. Malone might be one too, if not for his crusade against the vaccines.
I think everything he's done in the past year to sow doubt about the technology will be far more consequential in the grand scheme of things than experiments that he did
that helped move the science forward 30 plus years ago.
Derek Stahl, ABC 10 News.
So I was all ready to go nuts about this.
And then of course, what I was going to predict happened, happened.
So on Friday, I was going to do a show that would have featured this article, which I believe was on Friday, where they're complaining about this diary of a CEO podcast.
Now, I don't know if you're familiar with the diary of the CEO podcast.
It is a YouTube channel with many millions of followers and actually just recently They had some kind of number 200 episode or 100 episodes or whatever it was And in the beginning of that episode this host I think he's formerly from some Some, you know reality show in Britain.
He's got a very fancy British accent and wears earrings in both ears.
He's kind of like a
He's kind of like a brown George Michael.
And of course, so, you know, he's a very successful podcast host, you know, with very good production levels and whatever, and great thumbnails.
But the really funny part about it is, is that, um,
They make it seem like he's just a guy who made it spontaneously, but he makes millions of dollars, $11 million a year from ads from this video.
I mean, this is not spontaneous.
This is how it works.
He was set up.
He's like a Rogan, but on YouTube.
And now the BBC News is doing advertisements for him.
Now the interesting thing is, what does that do?
Well, everybody that's reading the BBC is now maybe curious about what his YouTube channel looks like.
And so if they're curious about what his YouTube channel looks like and they go there, they'll find Jordan Peterson.
And this character, I don't even know his name anymore, but he's a very interesting one because I think he's kind of connected to some guy who is also advising Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And then there's this guy that has a podcast that everybody says is interesting and was on Rogue.
And then there's this lady.
who talks about nukes and the Pentagon and all kinds of other stuff.
And then there's this guy who's got a podcast that all of them are on and that Eric Weinstein goes on all the time and talks to him about stuff.
And then there's this guy who all these people podcast for and he thinks he created a billion dollar business and he's an example of anybody can do it.
He thinks that he spontaneously created something on YouTube that's worth billions of dollars, which is absurd.
Maybe Elon believes it too.
Maybe Jeff Bezos believes it too, but I don't think so.
I think they all know.
I don't think this guy here, he might not know, but a lot of these people know that they are part of a theater.
Annie Jacobson doesn't know.
She's just, she's just happy to write stuff.
But a lot of these people know.
They know that they have been shown behind the first curtain.
They know that the internet is being used to govern global opinion, to control the movement of people's organized habits and opinions.
And that if this control is not in the right hands, we could have a serious problem.
If Russia and China have control over what the American populace thinks about certain things, we could have a problem.
And so of course it becomes necessary for America to do it.
Don't you see?
There is a national security imperative for us to control the internet and the opinion on it.
We can't let it go spontaneously because if we do that, then we will acquiesce to its control by other influencers, by other influences.
State actors that also operate their own anonymous accounts.
State actors that also influence their own podcasters.
And now you can see it a little clearer.
All of these people are examples of this.
That's why the AI guy was also on there.
The Yuri Gavalli, whatever.
That's why Sam Harris was on there.
That's why this cancer guy was on there.
That pushes the Warburg effect, basically.
That's why this guy was on there.
the guy that was on stage with Jordan Peterson and Brett Weinstein at the Rescue the Republic, these two foreigners, Jordan Peterson up there in the corner and this guy.
They're all on the same show, really?
Oh, wait, this guy too?
No, you're kidding me.
Oh, and who was most recently on pushing misinformation on the Diary of a CEO podcast?
none other than Brett Weinstein.
And so, of course, we were going to be given this in on a platter here, right?
Because then a couple days later, of course, he's got the excuse to do a podcast where he says that the BBC World Service has gotten this guy wrong.
I know because he's a friend of mine.
I was just on his show recently.
You know, don't bother watching that.
But it's important to watch that
And I've been censored and now this good friend of mine, this diary of a CEO podcast guy, he's also being censored.
Think about how extraordinary that is.
This is not a joke.
This is the BBC News, essentially indirectly promoting the intellectual dark web.
Is it just a pay in that reporter to write a dumb story like this?
or did they set up the diary of a CEO, drive him to a certain level of objectivity with followers and with fortune and fame and then set him up just for this play to continue to spread the knowledge, the awareness of the limited spectrum of debate and who is reinforcing it?
And so by populating his program with all of these people and then doing a BBC article about it, they have essentially indirectly promoted all of these people.
This is not accidental.
This is how we are being governed.
and Brett Weinstein is participating in it and trying to maximize his role in it and his ability to extract wealth, comfort, and fame from it.
There is no teaching here.
There is no end game.
There is no goal except for maximum grift.
I hate the word, but that's what it is.
They are just siphoning off the top.
and not questioning anything useful because they know that that would, by definition, disqualify them from being behind the curtain.
That's the best that I can do as far as trying to break it.
I wanted to talk about a piece of correspondence that showed up in my email, which suggests another landscape of horror.
Oh, good.
So actually, if you would show the email that I received from a reporter at the BBC.
Of course the reporter at the BBC asked for his opinion.
And of course the reporter at the BBC News Hour declared him to be part of the misinformation.
And so now Brett has to respond to the BBC.
Stop lying!
Do you know how easily this could be staged?
How ridiculous this could be?
Especially if he doesn't name the reporter.
Let's listen.
Okay.
So, the uh letter reads, dear Brett Weinstein, that's me by the way.
I'm that's not in the letter.
I was just commenting.
I am a journalist with the BBC World Service Languages Disinformation Team based in the UK.
We are currently looking at the disinformation being amplified on quote the diary of a CEO podcast.
We have found that in the episode you were invited to, you shared false information, which if followed could lead to patient harm, i.e.
negative outcome for those following that advice.
We plan to publish a story on the BBC's platforms in England, and by BBC World Services and other languages, and would like to provide you with the opportunity to respond to our findings.
Specifically, we are likely to make reference to the following.
Before appearing on the podcast, you spread climate change conspiracies and anti-vaccine conspiracies, among many others.
Could you?
I know.
on the podcast, you promoted 17 harmful claims.
These include widely debunked statements such as that ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine are more effective than the COVID-19 vaccine and that the COVID vaccine was a kind of gene therapy.
I know.
Oh my gosh, and now they're gonna laugh about it, you see?
So now they're doing the same thing that Robert Malone did all the way back on Jimmy Dore in 2021, in 2024.
They are getting you to accept it as a gene therapy.
Well, they are a gene therapy, duh.
That's why it's so funny.
Robert Malone already explained how they're gene therapies.
They're not transfection.
Even though I have a slide of tweets where Brett says that's the right word, I guarantee he's not gonna say that here.
And if he does, I'll probably fall out of my chair.
I haven't watched this yet.
This is a live one.
We would be grateful for a written response.
Oh, but wait a minute.
So harmful.
They didn't say that those were disinformation, actually.
They just said they're harmful.
We would be grateful for a written response by no later than 17 o'clock GMT, UK local on the 28th of November 2024.
If you have any further questions, feel free to email me, Jackie Wakefield.
Now, I will say, Jackie Wakefield gets a point.
Does she?
Yes, she does get a point.
She actually reached out and she actually gave me enough time for me to respond to her.
Not a ton of time, but enough time that I could, in principle, write back to her.
Now, what she would do with what I wrote back, I don't know.
But I do, you know, as much as I find this ridiculous,
the opportunity to actually respond is journalistically responsible.
And so anyway, Jackie, did he respond?
Are you telling me that on the, did somebody asked him to respond before November 28th?
And we are now at the, that was the 15th and the 16th of December.
Did he respond or not?
Is he about to read the response?
Because if he didn't respond, I mean, think about that.
Think about the opportunity that he had.
The opportunity that I thought I had when I was in a signal chat with him in 2020 and 2021, trying desperately to explain to him why it was so important to teach people that this is old technology called transfection and transformation, and that that would help people to understand that it's not new, it's not gene therapy, and it's not a vaccine.
It's transfection, and they know it's not good for you.
We have to stop.
Why is it that we're in 2024 and these people, although there's video evidence and signal chat evidence and Twitter evidence that they know and knew for years,
They're still not capable of saying that it was murder.
They're still not capable of saying these technologies are old and were never appropriate for healthy people.
And they're still incapable of saying that RNA cannot pandemic.
Not even close.
They are decades away from saying that if they're ever going to get there at all.
It's not on their map.
It's not a goal.
They don't want people to understand that.
just like they don't want people to understand what transfection meant before the pandemic, just like they don't want people to understand that endemicity cannot be differentiated from a background without any data.
And those are things that I tried for literally years to convince these people of, a lot of them.
That's why I probably won't be able to stop for a few more years, at least, until something seriously different happens.
Because this truth needs to get out, even if it needs to get out one day at a time, one stream at a time, one book at a time, one article at a time.
Somebody will do it at some point, I assume.
Thank you for doing that.
Um, I do want to say that she is part of an endeavor I've lost track of the title of it, but she wait a minute.
Are we going past that now?
He's gonna say that the reporter Deserves a gold star for giving me the opportunity to respond with a kind of enough time to do so But then he didn't respond Are you kidding?
And his his his
I guess drooling on themselves, viewers are not sophisticated enough to be like, whoa, back the truck up, Brett.
What was your answer?
This is going to be remarkable.
He is effectively on the BBC's disinformation beat, which is preposterous on its face, right?
This is just more of the same bullshit that we saw at the Stanford Internet Observatory and the ill-fated Ministry of Truth.
The whole idea that there's a group of people who are possessed of the facts, who are in a position to say who amongst us is speaking about things that are counter to the facts,
is, of course, insane on its face.
The facts are something that we arrive at having had a vigorous discussion in which different perspectives that can't be reconciled are allowed to compete with each other and we discover, frankly, Jackie, I don't know if you know this, but the test is who has predictive power.
That's how we know which facts are correct, not
because we looked them up on some official looking website in which the CDC told us what was true or something like that which is presumably the method that that you are using.
The CDC which during COVID at one point the head of it admitted that she was getting her information from CNN.
Right.
So it's a circle jerk at best.
A circle jerk at best.
I'm gonna try not to name the episode that but
in any case.
So, A, I find something interesting about this.
For one thing, that episode of Diary of a CEO has been widely circulated and very well received in a lot of different quadrants.
I was not aware of Diary of a CEO until they invited me to go on the program.
I was very impressed with what they did, and so they came to LA, they flew me down,
And, uh, that guy has, like I said, he makes $11 million a year from ads and he has 50 employees.
The diary of the CEO podcast, 50 employees.
I don't have an it guy.
I don't have somebody pushing any buttons for me.
I don't have anybody editing anything for me.
I don't even have a camera person helping me set things up and push buttons to start them.
I have nothing.
At most, I have my son that can carry my water bottle in if it doesn't fit in my equipment case.
That's it.
These people have 50 employees.
These people make tens of millions of dollars a year.
This guy got $500,000 from his former employer when he had to resign.
I didn't even get a Christmas card from the University of Pittsburgh.
I just don't understand how it is possible other than to, how we're gonna win, other than to keep pointing out that none of this is real.
Bret Weinstein's whole shtick is not real.
He's playing a character
He's as fake as the third podcast, portal podcast, where his brother and him do the shtick.
It is as fake then and is as fake now.
These are not authorities on anything.
These are not deep thinkers.
These are deep thinker posers.
They are the Steven Seagal of, of science.
The Steven Seagal of biology right here and his wife.
That's what this is.
were very well researched on topics that I was interested in.
The host, Stephen Bartlett, was excellent at engaging in dialogue, giving good pushback.
Anyway, I thought it was a great podcast.
OK, so he's going to plug that, of course, and that's going to be what this is.
But what you got to do is you got to put it in the context of recent history and deeper history.
You got to put it into the context of the idea that that the the no virus people are definitely a charade.
led by the chief of that charade most likely Andy Kaufman and probably Tom Collin.
They probably recruited the Bailey's and that's why Mark Bailey is never really that excited about doing streams with them but his wife really likes the fame and fortune that they got from it so he went along with it.
But
That picture right there should be all you need to know.
He was making equipment to track potential suicides in getting a grant for tracking potential suicides in prisons.
That's why he's shaking his hand right there.
Now, of course, Stephen Hadfield would be an interesting character all of his own because of his interesting involvement in the post 9-11 dramas.
and the anthrax letter drama, that would be interesting enough if it wasn't for the fact that he was also tied to Africa, like Meryl Nass is tied to Africa, and Ebola, like Meryl Nass is tied to Ebola.
And it would be really, really, really interesting, wouldn't it, if in 2023, at an international COVID summit organized by Robert Malone, Meryl Nass,
and Steven Hadfill and Brett Weinstein and Denny Rancor and Nick Hudson and Jessica Rose all posed for a photograph on the same stage in Romania.
Because, you know, that's the best place to hold a COVID summit if you're trying to save the grandkids.
That's the reality of this.
the guy wearing the bandana and woodshop goggles in Dark Horse podcast number three, the guy who had Sam Harris on podcast number eight to say that, you know, when a real pandemic comes and it's killing 70% of the people it infects, we won't have any time to tolerate anti-vaxxers.
If you put all of this stuff into context and see that there is no way to explain what Steven Hatfill is doing on the Tommy podcast with Robert Malone repeatedly, there is no way to explain him appearing on some podcasts in 2020 saying that when your kid is sick with COVID, you should go into his room with a rubber apron on.
There is no way to explain how that guy was in Romania on stage with those people taking a picture.
There's no way.
Absolutely, positively, no way.
Other than to say that they are all part of the same elaborate
set of theatrical machinery that is being unleashed and used against us to create the illusion that RNA can pandemic, that something happened that saved a lot of people, that transfection, although imperfect, is definitely the way forward.
And all of these people will continue to be involved in it in one way or another, including creating usefully useless narratives that don't ask any useful questions to the people that engage in them.
And that's why we are here right now where Sasha Latapova is still squeaking and still making noise in the corner somewhere, trying to maintain some level of usefulness to this clown show.
The mother of Soph.
The mother of Soph that was interviewed two or three times by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
on his podcast, interviewed by the Epoch Times as an American thought leader.
which of course then automatically puts the Epoch Times on the same team as Robert Malone, the same team as Whitney Webb, the same team as Sasha Latipova, the same team as Pierre Corey, the same team as the reluctant Peter McCullough, the same team as Jessica Rose that's been on the team since the beginning, the same team as Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig, and probably as bad as saying the same team as Mike Eden.
because all of them in the end have not usefully questioned the narrative and have not sufficiently taken and tried to score a touchdown by saying they murdered people and lied about it.
in order to create the illusion that RNA can pandemic.
Do you see how easy it is that they could say that?
And none of them have ever managed to.
Mike has been able to say that they designed the shots to hurt people.
He says they've designed the shots to be toxic, but he didn't ever say that they murdered people and lied about it in order to coerce people into taking it.
And I refuse to believe that he's not clever enough with the English language to have said that by now.
I also refuse to believe that Mike Eden is not clever enough to know that Sasha Latupova is full of shit.
But he promotes her now.
And that makes me very sad because Sasha Latupova was on stage with Robert Malone at the beginning of 2023.
And on stage, not only with Robert Malone, but also Asim Malhotra and Michael Palmer and Meryl Nass.
saying nothing useful, essentially promoting one another as dissidents from the other side.
And they are all players in this.
That's why Asim Malhotra was on the diary of the CEO and now is essentially being indirectly promoted by BBC itself.
It's all one show.
And if we start to show that it's all one show that goes back to Soph and Alex Jones, that goes back to Alex Jones and Joe Rogan, that goes back to Peter Thiel and Elon Musk, goes back to the Weinstein brothers and their dad, and that's how it goes back to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his dad, the Department of Justice where Brett Weinstein's father
cut his teeth as a patent lawyer during the formation of the FDA when Senator Kiefhofer was alive, when the thalidomide scandal occurred.
It is not by chance that these histories are all intertwined.
These histories are all intertwined because they are all one history that has come to this moment, this five year or 10 year moment that we are now in right now, that we can wake our children up to realize is as paper thin as any paper mache that has ever been made.
This is really spectacular time right now because it is brutally obvious that they are all in on the Scooby-Doo, brutally obvious.
Just in the last week, brutally obvious that the Scooby-Doo is in play, that it is a lab leak, that one half will still say it's ridiculous, the other half will say it's obvious, and we are gonna have this screaming debate on TV, and it is going to be hosted by Jay Bhattacharya and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in their Senate confirmations, and it is gonna be a theater of the macabre, I tell you for sure.
And so if you want to understand how we got here, if you want to understand that, you want to understand that this is real and you can see it on the news right now.
It's going to continue.
I've shown it to you once.
I'm going to show it to you again.
These are real.
These are right now.
This is the last week and a half.
So on the accountability level,
I agree with the Democrat minority comments about Fauci.
I do not believe Fauci was the architect of hiding that this happened in a lab or that he made COVID and that he wanted a gain-of-function research that would make it into a bioweapon the way the Republicans seem to make it go.
Matt, you believe that there is some meat on the bones of that idea.
Why?
Uh, well, for a couple of reasons.
I mean, one of the stories that I worked on was, um, how the, uh, famed article in nature medicine magazine called the proximal origin of COV2, uh, got to be published.
How is it possible that in the end of 2024 with this intrepid journalist, Matt Tlaiby, we're still there where people are bringing up the proximal origin paper.
Is he about to say that Christian Anderson is a bad guy?
And Redfield is sitting in on this one?
And they're all gonna agree that it was a Scooby-Doo mystery.
We just gotta figure out who the villains are, who's responsible for this.
I don't think it was Tony Fauci, but you do.
Let me know why.
The scientists who put together that article, we were able to get access to their private Slack chats where you can see them early in the process talking quite candidly.
Private Slack chats are no different than super secret signal groups.
They create an illusion of consensus.
They can create an illusion of consensus after the fact if they release them.
You know what else can create an illusion of consensus?
A fake grant proposal that gets leaked from some guy.
And then we take it as evidence.
That can also create an illusion of consensus.
And you could create that illusion of consensus even more effectively if you got a bunch of different people to agree that it was worth talking about.
For years.
Or maybe worth including in a book.
about how they think accidental release from a lab is a likely, or at least a serious possibility.
And then they have communications with Anthony Fauci and they changed their mind.
And there was, remember, there was testimony in Congress that there was no interaction.
So Redfield is there for what?
To make sure that this doesn't go too far one way or another, stays right on the rails because the script is getting harder and harder to walk?
The tight rope is getting harder and harder to balance on.
I don't know.
But he's definitely there, which is lending all kinds of the illusion of consensus to the idea that this is where we are right now.
Next video, I don't know.
I mean, we could keep going.
I don't know how long this one is.
This one might not be very long.
In between these scientists and Dr. Fauci, and that just wasn't the case.
And we were able to demonstrate that.
And so that- Were you able to demonstrate that Fauci was on a chain or that Fauci personally spoke to them or whatever, communicated with them?
he was on a conference he was on a conference call
would get a pass for not knowing what was happening even though he's at the top of the food chain.
Do you believe that Fauci is accurate, Bob, when it comes to what research was funded and whether or not it could have led to what is making me sick?
Well, the exact grant that Tony's alluding to is not the virus that turned in to be COVID-19.
But it's not to say that the money that the NIH and USAID, State Department, DOD gave to that lab to do gain of function.
OK, so we can skip this.
You know what he's going to say, and it's just curious that it's Redfield.
So let's go on to the next video, just quick, same week.
I might have to go out and come back in.
Sorry about that.
Congress's Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic is out with its final report.
The 557-page document titled, After Action Review of the COVID-19 Pandemic, the Lessons Learned and a Path Forward, has determined that a lab-related incident involving dangerous gain-of-function research in China is the most likely origin of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Per the subcommittee, the five strongest arguments in favor of the lab leak theory include, one, the virus possesses a biological characteristic that is not likely to be found in nature.
Two, data shows that all COVID-19 cases stemming from a single introduction into humans, this runs contrary to previous pandemics where there were in fact multiple spillover events.
Third, Wuhan is home to China's foremost SARS research lab, which has a history of conducting gain-of-function research at inadequate biosafety levels.
inadequate biosafety levels.
Researchers were sick with a COVID-like virus in the fall of 2019, months before.
You know who was else sick?
There's a whole list of early COVID survivors that is hosted by Mark Kulak of Housatonic Live, and you should really go check out that list.
It's a very curious cast of characters who publicly declared that they had COVID at the beginning of COVID, and that it was really strange and almost killed me.
COVID-19 was discovered at the wet market.
And five, by nearly all measures of science, if there was evidence of a natural origin, it would have already surfaced.
The findings state that EcoHealth Alliance nonprofit used American taxpayer dollars to facilitate gain of function research in Wuhan, China.
And the Proximal Origin publication, which was used to discredit the lab leak theory, was prompted by Dr. Anthony Fauci to push the preferred narrative that COVID-19 originated in nature.
The report also states that more than 160,000 businesses closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
With 60% of those closures classified as permanent, unemployment rates surged to levels not seen since the Great Depression, and children experienced historic learning loss, higher rates of psychological distress, and decreased physical well-being due to school closures.
Reactions on X are pouring in, and some people are less than pleased, saying the report does not go far enough.
Media pundit Jeff Carlson posted, this report reads like a whitewash of Fauci, NIH, and the rest of our government, pinning most of the blame onto EcoHealth.
Federal government was deeply involved in funding Gain of Function.
Dasik's EcoHealth was simply the mechanism.
We need a true accounting.
Oh, did he skip the tag there?
That was kind of mean.
He skipped the tag.
The tag was to Jay Bhattacharya, which I found interesting.
See that?
Now understand how this works, understand how this could potentially work.
You have podcasters that you support on YouTube, you being the weaponized pile of money.
And you also have accounts on X that can be used to say things, and then you can coach the people, the podcasts, the intellectual dark web that you control to quote these accounts.
And now if he goes on to agree with these accounts and this is in your view, then without actually saying Dr. Bhattacharya, this whole podcast has just promoted him by quoting some random dude.
Think about this for a second because this is how they're going to do it going forward.
It's going to get better and better.
They're going to get better and better at it.
And it's the cross-promotion that we are supposed to believe is just them going on the internet and seeing what the algorithm gives them, rather than it being a scripted set of characters that is promoting other people's scripted set of characters in order to make sure that a very limited spectrum of debate is exquisitely curated by what appears to be a completely random sampling of the internet activity available to us.
Getting most of the blame onto EcoHealth.
Federal government was deeply involved in funding Gain of Function.
Dasik's EcoHealth was simply the mechanism.
We needed true accounting.
Other users wrote, when do the prosecutions start?
The four years of trauma, four nasty cases of COVID-19 and damages accumulated by it.
Nowhere is it expressly stated who will be held accountable for anything.
None of this will matter unless actual humans are held accountable with financial loss and imprisonment.
Select subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic should be ashamed.
Final report?
This should just be the beginning.
And I do appreciate the conclusions the report draws in terms of strengthening, bolstering the idea that this did in fact come from the lab and pointing out to the numerous failures.
Who are these people?
That's the question you have to ask yourself.
There's no reason to be listening to these adults.
Are they adults?
Are they just pretending to be adults by wearing adult clothes and having an adult backdrop?
Like these guys don't have the life experience to tell us what they think.
These guys haven't done the necessary and prerequisite work to tell us what these things mean.
And in fact, the internet is absolutely chock full of people who don't have the requisite experience to tell us exactly what they're talking about or explain it in more detail.
They are
script readers.
They are actors.
They are playing roles.
They are doing what they are told, and they are being compensated very handsomely relative to the average Joe.
They are being compensated very handsomely, and so they're going to continue to do it.
There are no principles operating here.
These are not the cream of the crop Boy Scouts.
These are not the cream of the crop truth tellers that have risen spontaneously to prominence on the internet.
That does not happen.
The internet is the curtain, the first curtain.
The internet is just the first curtain.
There's the irresponsible behavior of EcoHealth Alliance.
I agree that our own governments, our own agency, NIH, Fauci himself, have not properly been held accountable for greenlighting this funding.
I am increasingly sick of reports about reports about reports.
I want to see the raw intelligence, and this is something I hope Cash Patel does when he gets into the FBI, because the FBI is one of two federal agencies, along with the Energy Department, that did conclude a lab origin was more likely than natural animal stuff.
Natural animal stuff, that's the scientific term.
Yes, the wet market.
So the Department of Energy, of course, is where the Human Genome Project sat.
The Department of Energy is also where nukes sit.
The Department of Energy, I think, is probably pretty closely connected to DITRA and CBERN.
And so it's interesting that the two people that they cite there are two what I would consider to be highly suspect agencies in this story.
It was a lab leak based on some information they have.
And the smoking gun, the strongest evidence would be that the scientists sick at the lab.
If scientists are sick at the lab before the wet market happened, and they're sick at the lab with something resembling COVID, it's open and shut.
It's done.
That solves the issue.
That's the smoking gun.
And we have heard that.
The Wall Street Journal has reported that that was the case.
Other independent journalists have reported that that's the case.
But I would like to see the raw intelligence that that is the case.
That is what I presume the FBI has and the Energy Department and maybe that this selects up.
The Department of Energy and the FBI.
The FBI is another very good candidate for who's behind somebody like George Webb and maybe even, I don't know, not Robert Malone, but I don't know, maybe.
or some private intelligence operation that the FBI contracted.
I don't know.
But George Webb feels to me like a possible FBI guy.
And remember, FBI agents are fake all the time.
The original plot in 1992 to blow up the World Trade Center was actually a plot run by the FBI, and that was purported by Time magazine.
So we know that they do this.
And so one of the things that we never talk about is the DOD.
Sorry, we never talk about is the FBI.
We're always talking about DOD, and we're always talking about CIA.
I mean, Denny Rancor said on that Jason Levine podcast that I shared with him,
He said that all these rich people are taking orders from the CIA.
And I said, well, that's pretty, because there's like 18 other intelligence agencies in the United States that you have absolved from any role in this by saying that.
That's just absurd.
But you know, he knew he had to say, and he was scripted to say that.
That's why he said it with so much gusto.
He had no idea that I would come back so hard and fast with him and dunk on him like that.
You can go see on the podcast.
You can see how I put him back in his place.
It's absurd what's going on here.
These people are all playing.
And the reason why I'm pretty confident that Denny Rancor is playing is because from the moment he told me he was going to Romania, and the moment I saw the picture of all the people who were in Romania that included Jessica Rose and Brett Weinstein and Steven Hatfill and Nick Hudson and Meryl Nass and Jill Glasspool Malone and Robert Malone,
And I think Ryan Cole was there too.
I don't know how many other people were there, but it's just disturbing because it's all one traveling clown show for seven.
I'm going to go on seven international COVID summits.
It's the same clown show.
Committee was able to see.
But I'm sick of just hearing that asserted.
I want to see the evidence that they have for that.
And then it's and then it's done.
And then we know it for sure.
And we deserve to know it for sure, because it has to do with what we fund and where the culpability is.
So that's the Scooby Doo mystery solved as far as he's concerned.
And now, of course, the last one I'm going to play is of this Bloomberg character and of MSNBC News coverage of
Bloomberg's response to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
being nominated for HHS secretary.
Now remember, Bloomberg is also the guy that funds the Bloomberg originals that I covered the other day, where they have one lady who's talking all about transhumanism and the human life to come and new human life and breaking all the rules of biology.
And then there's another lady who they recruited from the BBC who actually did the hazelmere fiasco or the hazelmere prep.
prep, uh, what would you call it?
Operation or exercise.
Sorry.
That was the word I was looking for.
Uh, that occurred in 2019 that you can find a lot of videos from pig Huey about, um, where really they just staged a pandemic using mobile phones in some town in the BBC or in the UK.
And then at the beginning of the pandemic, curiously enough, that same town was one of the first places where there was a COVID case.
Um, this guy, uh,
Bloomberg is funding that girl's YouTube channel where she's doing all kinds of stuff with AI is going to solve all kinds of stuff.
AI is going to do all kinds of magic.
AI is dangerous.
AI is wonderful.
And so that guy's got something to say about Kennedy.
So let's listen.
We can't allow Kennedy or Trump or anyone else to bring unimaginable suffering to the American people.
So if the president-elect doesn't reconsider the nomination, the Senate has a duty to our whole country, but especially to our children, to vote no.
So you can see the setup is happening already, right?
If he gets confirmed, it will be some kind of victory that will then allow them to do whatever they want, including declare
that the new generation of transfection-based vaccines are totally safe because they got the contamination out thanks to the help of Kevin McKernan and Philip Buckhalter.
If he doesn't get the nomination, then somebody from Big Pharma will get it and we'll be right back on narrative and they'll just say, well, it's because of that senator or that senator.
And a bunch of us will be very disappointed because we thought that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was going to save us.
Something like that is obviously coming because that's how this obviously works.
With a nation facing a possible bird flu outbreak, are they really prepared to roll the dice on the lives of their constituents by placing someone in charge of public health who has made it clear that he will prevent or she will prevent the approval of life-saving vaccines?
That was just a sample of Michael Bloomberg's plea to United States senators today, directly asking them to reject an anti-vaxxer as the country's Health and Human Services, HHS secretary.
Bloomberg warned that the next pandemic isn't a question of if, but a question of when, and that putting RFK Jr.
in charge of vaccine policy would be, quote, medical malpractice on a mass scale, end quote.
It's not just that Kennedy.
So now remember, there are going to be people on the internet that agree with him and think that this will be medical malpractice on a mass scale, which will drive some subset of people in the United States mad.
Like crazy.
I wonder if I'll be able to talk to one of my aunts because she definitely can't have a conversation about Donald Trump without some, you know, series of disengagements in gears happening and then smoke being produced.
And so in this context right now, listening to this news program, it makes me very frightened as to what that person is thinking and what a lot of other people are thinking with regard to how bad
the potential is that Donald Trump is doing this.
It is a nightmare scenario, what they are saying here, because they're not saying it in jest or in sort of for comedic value, or this is meant to be as genuine as they can possibly portray it.
He has promoted anti-vaccine conspiracies for years, or that he heads a group that specifically aims to undermine children's vaccines and the competence people have in them, or that he has no medical or public health degrees.
But we actually know for a fact what vaccines do, thanks to studies and science and pediatricians and our own experience.
The COVID-19 vaccine saved nearly 20 million lives globally during just the first year
of vaccinations that's 20 million institutes of health which as part of hhs would think about how many more millions of people would have died of covid had we not rolled out transfection think about that statement 19 million wow that's a pretty remarkable result also fall under kennedy's control
And of course, the assumption here is, is that these people wouldn't be lying about it, wittingly or unwittingly, just doing their job, not knowing that they're lying.
The assumption is, is that there's no way that that could be a lie.
There's no way that she's reading a lie.
There's no way that the NIH published a lie.
That's just not possible.
It's not even on their radar.
You have to see that because on our radar, it's obvious.
Obviously they did.
That's a very dangerous chasm between us right now.
And yet Kennedy outrageously and falsely called it the deadliest vaccine ever made.
Here's more from Michael Bloomberg today.
After all, Kennedy has attacked what may be President Trump's biggest first-term accomplishment, something called Operation Warp Speed.
It saved millions of lives, allowed the economy to reopen, and helped Americans get back to their normal routines.
And just imagine if RFK Jr.
had been in office during Trump's first term.
How many fewer people... So is he now saying that Trump did well, that Warp Speed saved people?
Of course he is!
Of course he is.
And it's in Donald Trump's best interest to never let them know that he doesn't think the same thing.
Because the moment that they find out that he might understand that Warp Speed was him being taken advantage of, him rushing into something that he should have never rushed into and taking their word for it, he's no longer useful to them.
People would have gotten the shot.
How many more people would have died?
our conversation, co-director of the Center for Vaccine Development at Texas Children's Hospital and Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine, Dr. Peter Hotez is here, Tim Miller is back with us as well.
Dr. Hotez, let me just add a few more pieces of reporting into the conversation.
The Associated Press last year reported
that RFK Jr.
has made his opposition to vaccines clear.
Quote, in July, Kennedy said in a podcast interview that, quote, there is no vaccine.
There's no vaccine that is safe and effective.
RFK told Fox News that he still believes in the long ago debunked idea that vaccines can cause autism.
Now, keep in mind that I'm making the argument that safe and effective, the words are actually chosen very specifically because that is the actual mandate of the FDA.
And so Fauci has been saying it, everybody has been saying it from the very beginning because the goal of this multi-year program is to bait and switch, shell game us into accepting the idea that personalized medicine is the future.
And with personalized medicine, the FDA doesn't really play a role in that.
And since the FDA is also responsible for us having really bad food and allowing really bad stuff to be in our food, then we should get rid of the FDA.
has a sort of end around to this idea that personalized medicine isn't compatible with the FDA.
There is no way for the FDA to exist as it exists and at the same time supervise personalized medicine because their mandate is to test and prove and to regulate the safety and effectiveness of products in the United States and their proper labeling.
And so personalized medicine doesn't really fit into that whole scheme very well.
And in fact, the existence of the FDA could be seen as prohibitive to it.
And so what interesting, you know, sort of red thread that runs through all of these people's history, these families' history, these people's financial history, these interests,
is the interest in intellectual property, the role that FDA plays in the intellectual property, the role that the FDA plays in approval of it.
And so I think it's very likely that the FDA and its control or demolition or controlled demolition is at the heart of a lot of the motivation here.
Because again, we're talking about billions of dollars.
billions, if not trillions of dollars in potential pharmaceutical profits from mRNA, especially the mRNA transfection technology as applied in a personal manner.
That's why Elon Musk and all of these guys like Peter Thiel are into printed mRNA.
mRNA that is printed is not made by bacteria is the next step is the way that they clean it up.
technologies are limited in the sequence length that they can make but they're nevertheless better and of course those technologies were already around at the beginning of the pandemic but then if they would have gotten us all the way there already then they wouldn't have been able to walk us through this five years of a scooby-doo that got everybody to number one except the existence of RNA viruses and their ability to pandemic but the potential for them to be generated in a laboratory released on purpose or accident
and the appropriateness of a personalized vaccine for that kind of thing.
Because, you know, like the guy on Jay Bhattacharya's podcast said a few months ago, you know, these all vaccines are not really that good because they should be designed for your own HLA receptor in particular, which is again, what somebody like Annie DeGroat could tell us about, the lady that worked at EpiVax and works at EpiVax, worked at EpiVax with Robert Malone.
This biology is all known.
And these people are coordinatedly lying about it for a very long time.
They all have ties back to the earliest parts of AIDS and virology and immunology and the vaccine schedule.
All the same mentors.
In a 2021 podcast, he urged people to resist CDC guidelines on when kids should be vaccinated.
Quote, I see somebody on a hiking trail carrying a little baby, and I say to him, better not get them vaccinated, end quote, Kennedy said.
And so wouldn't it have been a much bigger and better thing for him to say that if I see a pregnant woman on the hiking trail, I tell her don't get vaccinated.
That would have been a much better one, wouldn't it have been?
Too bad that's not what they said because this one's really easy to argue with.
Let me just deal in facts and science since we have you and it's such a treat to get to talk to you.
I really like her.
She grates on my nerves so much that it feels like somebody's scratching my back.
She's fantastic.
On the link between vaccines and autism, I know this is an area of expertise for you.
What are the facts?
Yeah, the facts are, Nicole, vaccines do not cause autism.
In fact, I wrote a book about my daughter because I'm a pediatrician, a vaccine scientist.
I develop vaccines.
We developed a COVID vaccine reaching 100 million people in India and Indonesia in our laboratories.
and I also am the parent of an adult daughter with autism and I wrote a book called Vaccines Did Not Cause Rachel's Autism to put that away and the massive scientific evidence showing there's no link and they allege different vaccines that started with the MMR vaccine, measles, mumps, rubella, then Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
Now he's going to carefully reiterate the fake
timeline that I have been trying to dismantle for a while now, the fake timeline that kind of starts with Mary Holland coming on the Democracy Now!
program in 2015, the same year that Peter Daszak publishes the Gain of Function paper with Shengxi Li.
And that's where this whole narrative started, where Ken, remember Wakefield in the UK,
and Mary Holland in America both had the same objection.
They said that these were not adequately tested and that some component of the MMR vaccine damaged my kid, or in the case of Wakefield, damaged these 24 kids that I'm writing a paper about.
And so now he is very specifically re-articulating that history from 10 years ago, where not vaccines in general,
but a specific component of a specific vaccine as being very carefully blamed for the injuring of kids and the causing of autism, which is not in any way, shape, or form even remotely approaching the idea that intramuscular injection in general is dumb.
And they're still not there.
After 10 years of fighting, 10 years of leading a crusade with rise and resist and people over profits and truth over lies and courage over fear, Mary Holland is nowhere closer to saying that intramuscular injection is dumb.
Nowhere near close enough to saying
RNA kidnap pandemic after having a professional relationship with me for more than a year.
These people are traitors to our grandchildren.
And it is obvious that they are all on the same team because now he's going to tell us this curious story about a Rolling Stone article that also Vincent Rack and Yellow and Paul Offit will tell us to go look up the Rolling Stone article.
And they'll all say the same thing because they all have to.
because there is one script, there is one history, and they must stick to that one history, or you will notice that this is not working out like it should have worked out.
This is a Truman show.
came out in 2005 in Rolling Stone Magazine, said it was thimerosal.
It's all nonsense.
And then also what we know about the genetics of autism, and now we have a number of autism genes.
Genetics of autism, also something that none other than James Lyons Weiler knew enough to write a book with the title Genetic Causes of Autism.
right before the pandemic.
The same guy who right before the pandemic was saying that, I don't know if you guys know, but I know that all the vaccine preventable diseases are still circulating asymptomatically in the background.
Duh!
And then in 2020, that was one of the guys that first knew that it's a fear and cleavage site.
Hmm, that's interesting.
And even the highly dubious Harvard to the big house guy, Dan Saratkin, he even knew that he needed to find and found the blog of James Lyons Weiler and cited him as the guy who saw the fear and cleavage site first.
Do you see how crazy that is?
that a guy whose dad who works at Los Alamos Laboratory on sequencing algorithms that came out supposedly promoted by the Zero Hedge article that got my JC on a bike YouTube video like 15,000 views in a week.
that I made a Jaycee on a Bike video about, that guy was already promoting James Lyons Weiler as the guy who knew that the fear and cleavage site was signed, that it was probably gain-of-function research in February of 2020.
The same guy that CHD has had on stage at every one of their conferences from the inaugural one in 2020 to the last one last year, and he's probably gonna be at the one in a few months.
The same guy who wrote a book, The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism Before the Pandemic.
Just like Tom Cowan wrote a book that said that something's wrong, but not really anything precisely.
They're all part of it, ladies and gentlemen.
They were all put in place.
That's how this worked.
It was a long game, a long con, a long global con that has been
permitted only because we accepted at the start of the pandemic that social media was what we had to communicate.
Social media was going to way that we were going to figure out the truth.
That's why all of them agree that, you know, I guess it's on Twitter where this truth is being censored.
So I'm doing the best I can with my putting the truth on Twitter.
that have been identified.
So we have a complete story about it.
So that is completely erroneous.
There is no link between vaccines and autism, and it's awful that he keeps on pushing it.
I mean, here's the reason why we need to care about this stuff, Nicole, is that we have some big-picture stuff coming down the pike starting on January 21st.
Mr. Bloomberg mentioned H5N1, that I'm really worried about.
It's all over wild birds on the western part of the United States, and going up in the north it's getting into the poultry.
We're seeing sporadic human cases, no human-to-human transmission yet, but that could happen.
It's in the cattle, it's in the milk, and that's just the beginning.
We have another major coronavirus likely brewing in Asia.
We've had SARS in 2002, SARS-2, COVID-19 in 2019,
And we know these viruses are jumping from bats to people thousands of times a year.
But that's, there's still more.
Thousands of times a year, just like Peter Daszak says, 1.7 million viruses waiting to jump.
It's all the same nonsense.
It's all the same.
It's not any going to change because this was the whole play.
We know that we have a big problem with mosquito transmitted viruses all along the Gulf Coast where I am here in Texas.
We're expecting dengue and possibly Zika virus coming back or Apuche virus.
maybe even yellow fever and there's more then we have all this sharp rise in vaccine preventable diseases going up because of in part the anti-vaccine activism that's so prominent right now we have a five-fold rise in pertussis cases whooping cough over the last year 15 measles outbreaks this year we've got polio that's been in the wastewater in New York state all that's going to come crashing down on January 21st on on the Trump administration we need a really really good team to be able to handle this
Wow, we need a very good team.
All it takes, I mean RFK said I'm not going to take away anyone's vaccines, that may or may not be true, but all it takes is to say what he said on a hiking trail to a parent carrying a little baby, quote, I say to him better not get them vaccinated,
And you've got people very, very sick or dying of all the diseases Dr. Hotos just listed.
It's not about what you take away or don't supply.
It's about what the country does.
And I think we know already what the country will do.
The pipeline of scientific disinformation, the attacks on Dr. Hotos specifically, and doctors and scientists generally, it's a play the right has been running for years.
Your thoughts as we head into the final period where you might have science-based government health agencies?
Yeah, and there's a lot concerning there.
I would just start, since Dr. Hotez is here for his expertise on the science, I can bring my insight into the human condition.
That is an insane person that stops on a hiking trail and says to a stranger, stranger.
Now, keep in mind what this does.
It's very much akin to, I think the guy who said it best is Dave Chappelle.
because when you call people crazy, it's dismissive.
You don't have to take any of their ideas seriously if you call them crazy.
And that's what's happening right here.
And it is a very dangerous position to take on anyone.
It would be dangerous to call Robert Malone crazy, because he's not.
And so understand what's happening here.
The fracturing of America is ongoing.
The controlled demolition is happening as we speak.
And because we are so compartmentalized on social media, you may not be aware of how bad it is, how far away some of these people are from us.
But it is a very dangerous position that we are in right now.
They should not vaccinate their child.
I could you imagine if I was in that situation walking on a hiking trail with my child, I would be running away as quickly as possible.
Like, please do not talk to me, sir.
And so like the idea that having a deranged person in charge of HHS like leads to a lot of potential risks and problems and it just ensures management in addition to what
We're talking about here specifically with regards to vaccines.
So I think that's number one I really hope this guy is not in charge of anything other than the time and temperature of Coffee roasting or something like that because this is really frightening one number two is just like the messaging element of all of this
I think that you can play a nudging role within government that is different from laws and rules.
Having government officials raising questions about this changes human behavior.
I think that's very concerning, particularly when it comes to vaccines.
The last thing I'll just say about this is having Michael Bloomberg as an advocate.
He might be a Democrat, but in a lot of ways,
RFK like have some weird overlap and like that make America healthy again uh space like Bloomberg has credibility here he really there are legit ways the government could come in and you could disagree or agree on whether that's government's role as far as you know big gulps and discouraging health and like there are ways to do that and so for Bloomberg to be the voice there I think is very telling because like you could imagine a different world where him and RFK would have areas of agreement and instead he's sounding the alarm.
All right any
So yeah, that's what I'm trying to get at here.
This is what they are subjected to.
This is what we are subjected to.
And so I want to go through this very quickly because I know we don't have a lot of time.
The server is probably crashing already.
This is how they did it, right?
It's an illusion that they created over time.
They sustained it.
They made us ask dumb questions for many, many years.
And those dumb questions served to put in everybody's head the idea after five years that this probably could have been a lab leak.
And if not, the next one could be.
And there's infinite potential for this to go wrong if we stop vaccinating our children.
And that's how we're here.
That's what 2024 is.
That's what we just watched.
It's a lab leak.
And vaccines are good or bad or dangerously questioned or something like that.
And in 2020,
In July was when I was saying that this is likely originated from a laboratory source, but SARS-1 and its descendants have gone endemic.
And so the current PCR test is not specific for SARS-CoV-2, but it's on a background.
We are being duped.
That's what it says right there on that slide in July of 2020.
And that's why these people entered my life for the next five years, because I had it almost right.
And the most essential part of that is, is that a background could be misconstrued as spread if they wanted to.
And it would be very, very easy.
And that's why in 2024, it is so miraculous that we are so perfectly divided on this absurd narrative.
And how perfectly divided are we?
Well, first of all, it is way more than perfect.
It is beautiful like a script.
Pandemics are real, but Fauci's a hero versus pandemics are real, but Fauci is responsible.
You just heard it.
Natural virus would kill millions every year if it weren't for vaccines.
Natural viruses are not as bad as laboratory viruses.
You just heard it.
Flu vaccines are lame.
You're gonna hear it.
Millions have died of COVID, but millions more were saved.
The lockdowns prevented some of those things.
Nah, they didn't.
COVID shots are fine.
Don't talk about 2020.
COVID shots are bad.
Vaccines are one of the greatest advances in medical history.
Vaccines might work, but they haven't been tested, and RFK's gonna get all the data.
He's gonna put a pause on it.
Lab viruses are real, but necessary.
You can't stop gain-of-function research.
That's absurd.
We need that stuff.
We just have to strictly regulate it.
We already do.
We need to more strictly regulate it.
They're very dangerous.
They're doing flu vaccines and flu experiments in Rotterdam.
This is a diabolical trap because if you make the argument that sex is determined by chromosomes, you are gonna start to very quickly be tricked into making an argument that all disease and all biology that we need to understand is controlled by chromosomes and by DNA.
It's a very big trap that fits right nicely into this thing.
And then of course down here, we got the stuff that we can all agree on.
Ukraine is fighting for freedom.
No, Ukraine is a fake country.
but also a neocon scam.
Oh, but Ukraine is fighting for freedom, but also it's a neocon mess.
And so we've got, we've got aspects of this on both sides.
Israel has the right to defend itself.
Don't talk about Gaza.
Don't talk about Gaza is exactly the same thing that Bobby says.
And interestingly, Jessica Rose, dual citizen of Israel and Canada, has nothing to say about Israel rights to defend itself or about the children of Gaza at all.
She's more concerned about going on Brett Weinstein's podcast, also a Jew, and talking about the existence of a molecule.
Isn't that strange?
Processed foods, seed oils, fast food, cosmetics, sunscreen, water, air, soil pollution.
Oh yeah, they're all free to talk about that.
And in fact, RFK and Bloomberg could agree on that, is what they just said in the last program.
And now you see it, ladies and gentlemen, they have fractured us so exquisitely like surgery, fractured us cognitively.
And now all they have to do is put the pressure in the right place and the thing will fall apart.
And then they can do whatever they want in that chaos.
They can reorganize the FDA.
They can declare something this.
They can declare something that.
They can take away the guns.
They can stage a false flag of this or a false flag of that.
Maybe there's going to be a fake nuke.
Who knows?
As long as they have us this broken and this separated, then we're not going to be able to go across the street and say, what do you think about the news story?
Because the new story will be fractured exactly the same as these, and there will be no stopping that from keeping us separated if it works the way they want it to work.
We need to bridge this gap by bringing people to understand that we are both victims of the same operation.
That's why it's so exquisite.
But this still is real.
They fooled us into solving their mysteries.
And by doing so, we have accepted their monsters.
That is the best way to see it.
And they are doing it now with Ukraine and with Russia and with China and with climate and with gender and with transgender people.
And they still need us to teach this to our children or it won't work.
It's a long game and we've got to be vigilant for years to come.
It's a long game.
We've got a lot to teach our children to see.
We've got a lot to teach our family to see.
We've got a lot to teach our friends to see.
But it can be done as long as you realize that in 2019, we were not here.
None of this crazy biological dichotomy existed in 2019.
But if you feel it in 2020, even the gender debate went full throttle, set to 11 at the start of the pandemic.
That's remarkable if you see it now.
but you gotta see it with enough time horizon, enough standing back from the wall so that you can see enough years.
If you can't see many years at the same time and understand how these timelines line up in a criminal way, then you're never gonna see the illusion in how they put it down.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you want to spread ideas from this podcast, please start with this slide.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
You could also read just the capital letters there and say it is likely that intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection of healthy humans was always criminal.
And I think all of these people have known that.
That's why they've been in place to try and implicate that it's a new thing.
And RNA cannot pandemic.
This is an illusion that goes all the way back to
before the Human Genome Project, and I think the Human Genome Project is essentially a fake it until you make it kind of thing, first declared in that Nature paper and still ongoing.
The way out is biology, ladies and gentlemen.
That's all I got to say.
The way out is biology.
If you'd like to share this, please share it at stream.gigaohm.bio slash home.
And if you want to support the stream, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to do so.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This has been Gigaohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I hope it was okay.
And again, I will see you guys again tomorrow for Biology 101.
I'm not sure if we're going to do a study hall or if I've got some reading that I'm ready to present, but we'll see.
I'll be back here tomorrow, hopefully at 1010 and on time.
Thanks very much.
I'll see you again soon.
Sorry for no music, Pam.
Pamela, sorry for no music.
Maybe I should play it anyway.
I think I can cue it up over here.
Thank you very much.
See you guys again.
Soon.
Soon is coming.
Soon we come back.
Ah, soon we come back.
What is the name of that song again?
It is, uh... I don't remember what the name of that song is.
If I don't know the name, I can't play it.
It's called... I think it's called... This.
That's the wrong button.
No, that's not it.
This one then.
Is it that one?
No, it's not that one.
Shoot.
Then I have to do it this way.
Oh, there it is.
I see it.
Thanks very much for joining me, guys.
And I'll see you again tomorrow.
See you guys again tomorrow.
Thanks very much for joining me.